qha8f4 submission No Sell November 
hibgwma comment What an easy challenge 
hibjxfs comment What is this sell button you're talking about? 
hibj9x9 comment Have you been selling prior to now? 😱 
hibg1f5 comment Waiting for pumpcember 
hibtzjx comment Haven't sold in years mate 
hibqgur comment How bout no sell EVER. 
hibvq6g comment How about no look November. Where we don't look at the price of Bitcoin. 
hibg2t8 comment This is the way 
hibxfau comment Not too hard. That's what I was gonna be doing anyway.

Though we should all self custody our BTC off exchange as well. 
hibwnk9 comment for me it's a no btc sell for at least a decade type of challenge 
qha8ko submission Key Indicators for Bitcoin All Time High in a 4 year Cycle? 
hiblecq comment You can't pinpoint it. 
hic06rj comment Fibonacci levels 
hibnf3l comment This is crypto m8 
hibzgip comment The stock to flow model may help, but it doesn't predict anything, so don't count on it being 100% accurate.   


https://www.lookintobitcoin.com/charts/stock-to-flow-model/ 
hicstwx comment I would say the Pi-cycle top. It was pretty accurate in pinpointing the may drop. 
hiceb3x comment I second this, as well as a few other indicators here. All of them should be flashing and not just one or two when we're nearing the peak. Special mention to the RHODL, which is both time tested and accurate. 
qhaa23 submission CRYPTO50Report 
qhag0r submission Has Bitcoin relieved your financial stress? 
hibkn95 comment i’ve replaced my 401k with DCAing into bitcoin. 

i’ll never be rich, i’ll probably never retire. but i take comfort in knowing my savings won’t be nerfed by people in suits. 
hicy3jk comment Yes. Changed my life fully. 

Zero financial stress or anxiety for my future. For the first time I feel alive. 
hie0xx6 comment [deleted] 
hibiho3 comment only you can relieve your financial stress. bitcoin is no guarantee of early retirement. just be happy if you can store the value you produce without govt taking it from you as a hidden tax to pay for blood-soaked mountains of corpses and to obtain pledges of allegiance from your children. 
hicjvpi comment ya 
hicn0m4 comment If you knew that you would have financial stability how would that affect the choices you made when you didn't know if you'd ever be financially stable 
hibp8k5 comment Sure on the one hand. On the other, I stress about wanting to buy more Bitcoin… so it’s a wash lol. 
hicq7l5 comment I just love that I dont have to depend on a bank to get shit done now. Oh boy do I hate banks!!! 
hid6qc3 comment Yes 
hidhx9t comment The first mistake I did coming to crypto is always I remember. 
qhalhz submission El Salvador adds another 420 bitcoins to its reserves 
hibjkqh comment next purchase will def be 69 or 143 
hibwib8 comment Nice 
hicxcvy comment Nice 
hibmja4 comment Hoping it's a sign towards cannabis acceptance in El Salvador. 
hibmpve comment tldr; El Salvador’s President Nayib Bukele announced a new acquisition of 420 bitcoins, about $25 million. This would be the first buyback since the law that made bitcoin legal tender in El Salvador came into force. With this new operation, the reserves of the Central American country amount to 1,120 BTC.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
qhaq8t submission Crypto Zombie is Back! 
hibozhb comment It's 5 .. 
hid1x2g comment As far as I know, he didn’t say. I was stoked to see him back tho 
hiflur1 comment Wow. Cold room. 
2 comments and 3 down-votes.
I guess we take our maximalism to a toxic degree in these parts.
“z’at a shitcoin in yer pocket mister?” 
qhasj5 submission U.S. Takes Bitcoin Mining Crown After China Crackdown 
hibmpbh comment tldr; More than a third of the global computing power dedicated to mining bitcoin is now drawn from machines in the U.S., up from less than a fifth last spring.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hid8y3w comment Still they hold the maximum percentage the miners from all over the world. 
hidk2zt comment Economic prosperity will come from nuclear energy, which will fuel digital energy. 
hibkg3y comment No paywall: https://oltnews.com/us-takes-bitcoin-mining-crown-after-china-crackdown-the-wall-street-journal 
hicm9ud comment I guess I had better Google why mining bitcoins is so energy intensive. Isn’t that one of the reasons China banned it? Besides the lack of control. 
hicub7d comment This is one of the most defining moments for the US in 100 years.

What is done with this lead is based on actual leadership.

The US needs a Kennedy space moment for this decade. 
hidblml comment They have the largest miners from all over the world that is 38%. 
hidm0c7 comment In America, he said, the regulatory process is transparent and conducted with public input. “The rug will not be pulled out from under you,” he said.  bitcoin . 
hibs6k3 comment [removed] 
hielf8x comment These things are also changing according with time but still manpower will needed anyhow. 
qhaxcv submission Investing In Bitcoin As A Minor 
hibl8kq comment Try a non-KYC exchange.  You can Google to find one that fits your needs.  Good luck, hope you succeed. 
hibrynw comment intro to bitcoin [https://youtu.be/l1si5ZWLgy0](https://youtu.be/l1si5ZWLgy0) 
hibwrp0 comment Mine 
hic6gb9 comment Buy an S9 and mine bitcoin. Maybe an S17pro if you have the money. Then get a wallet, maybe exodus, to pit the bitcoin in. 
hidjtro comment [deleted] 
hieayno comment Or he talks to his parents and comes to an agreement on paying for electricity. Honestly, if my kid bought an s17 with his own money AND had a plan (ie, hey dad, I want to run this thing and mine BTC, it will cost a good bit in electricity but I want to use the BTC for college / something), I would be inclined to make a deal. 
qhazb8 submission Hive vs. Hut 8 Mining: Which Cryptocurrency Stock Is a Better Buy? | The Motley Fool Canada 
hicx8m4 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it is considered off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hibmp8e comment tldr; Shares of HIVE Blockchain Technologies and Hut 8 Mining are up 38% and 33%, respectively, in the last month. In the last year, HIVE has gained over 1,000%, while Hut 8 stock has risen by 1,390%. Both companies are expected to deliver similar gains, as their stock prices are tied to the performance of cryptocurrencies they mine.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hic7npf comment Hut 8 100%

They will attract a ton more institutions. They are diversified well and have a good management in place 
qhb2co submission Don’t hate the playa hate the game 
hicx8o8 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it pertains primarily to altcoin discussion and/or promotion. Altcoins are off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit. Please post in the subreddit appropriate to that altcoin instead. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hicx7z0 comment Shitcoins off topic. 
qhb498 submission Golden Rule 
hibs0r1 comment Who clicked on this thinking it would say "Not your keys not your coins"? 
hibrmow comment >The No. One rule to a wealthy life or successful life is "INVESTING"...

It's funny how, while living in a capitalist society, many people don't seem to realize the importance of **owning capital**. 
hibtsa8 comment He Who Has the Gold* Makes the Rules

BTC* 
hibua3o comment I feel like the golden rule should be to never invest what you can't afford to lose. 
hibs4f3 comment Me 
qhb77z submission Pure Entertainment: FI/RE nocoiners 
hibposk comment “everyone buys bitcoin at the price they deserve” -dan held

i’ve come to the conclusion over the years that bitcoin doesn’t have enemies - just people that haven’t fomoed in yet 
hibnusf comment The cool thing is, Bitcoin doesn't care. 
hibrkmw comment I do subscribe to FIRE thinking as a motivation to work toward early retirement in a structured manner.

However I find most people in FIRE community believe that the path to FIRE has to be a) implement some sort of 80/20 or 60/40 equities vs bonds portfolio and b) throw all / vast majority of allocation to equities into passive index ETF, and they are clueless about BTC, stablecoins, or other alts and lump them all into the same “do not touch crypto” basket.

But when I encounter these folks, I just remind myself that _everyone will buy Bitcoin at the price they deserve_ and move on. 
hicglho comment Took one for the team. Thank you for your service.
While it used to give me pause when reasonable and intelligent people would hate on bitcoin these days I just find it fucking hilarious to hear them elaborate on their delusions and misunderstanding. 
hibox4j comment 🤷‍♂️ Let them slave away on their path; they will realize soon enough that inflation is robbing them of their goals. 

You can lead a horse to water but can’t make it drink. 
hicj4bd comment The reason FIRE is considered powerful, is like you said, it is proven to be successful. 

We live in an interesting time, and have the opportunity to have gotten some unbelievable returns from crypto. Will this go on for decades to come? (Hopefully) With Bitcoin eventually be replaced by something better or cease to exist? (No one knows shit about fuck). 

I follow the FIRE Philosophy as it is proven to work. I have interest in crypto and think that it can help the average person quite a bit as it gains acceptance and the system grows and shows that it is resilient. Despite being a decade old the future of Bitcoin is unknown, where as owning VT or VOO or VTI or VXUS is pretty foolproof especially over a period of SEVERAL DECADES.

I think a lot of the haters are also resentful for hearing about crypto and rejecting it, and seeing massive gains that they have missed out on. 
hic0qdk comment Those people are right, but only if they are over the age of 70.

Other than that they are beta cucks.

Oooowwwieeeee risk exposure, exposure!

Let me go load up on some government treasuries to lock into my negative real rate of return!!! 

I got my 65 year old uncle to dabble in crypto through Grayscale, he made 50k from a 60k investment during the late summer bull run. He now has a boat. 

He worked in banking all his life, it took crypto to get him his boat. 
hic2eku comment Over the years I've hung out in both Bitcoin and FI/RE sub. The thing about  FI/RE is that there's a base set of info to learn and then you are done. Years ago, they were very hostile to crypto, and i think it was based on fanatics coming in and being annoying uninvited evangelists. More recently the attitude is more 50/50. 
hic5j8k comment Herd mentality in that sub 
hic5l2c comment Interesting read, thanks!

It's great to read people discussing potential negatives about Bitcoin, they usually only make me want to buy more. 
qhb8n1 submission Cartels create artificial scarcity: Oil, Housing, Diamonds, Vanilla Beans. None of these items are rare, but cartels gain control of the supply. Only Bitcoin has true scarcity 
hiff7r6 comment If I ever get proposed to with a diamond ring, I'm making them return it. 
hie26bs comment Bitcoin is our weapon to get out of these systems that harm the majority. 
hibntot comment LOL!!! 
hiddzrx comment Verifiable scarcity is forever 
higkz2f comment Great video. Now I see why Steve Jobs was so persistent on not allowing anyone but authorized dealers sell Apple products. The last minute of the video explains his mindset. 
qhbags submission If all you have is 1.5 BTC, would you put all of it in Celsius? 
hibr374 comment Nah. Put some in blockfi too. 
qhbc0y submission Would you put all of your Bitcoin on Celsius? 
qhbcnp submission Is it possible to track the % of BTC tied to KYC wallets? 
hibop1v comment You're going at it the wrong way. Bitcoin is easy to take custody of. Easier than any other asset. That makes it less vulnerable to such shenanigans than any other asset. So you don't need to worry about it like you do elsewhere. Bitcoin is the safe haven, not the risk.  

All you need to do is make sure you hold YOUR keys.  And if you have to use a custodian, and your custodian is acting funny or isn't trustworthy, then withdraw immediately.  You can't do that with gold and silver really. Not with large amounts, and not quickly or easily. 
hibqsrs comment 2022 will be the year of the boating accident 
hibuqwe comment Ok Doomer 
hir0a7w comment The most bitcoin are trackable, e.g. because they were bought or sold at a central exchanges. To see the chances for any BTC address lookup the [bitcoin privacy score](https://btctester.com/bitcoin-privacy-score/) of this address. The lower the score the more evidences exist tracing this address to exchanges. A high score means that it's not traceable now but it can go down over time. It depends on the behaviour of the person controlling the address. If transactions were done revealing the privacy this cannot be healed after the fact. 
qhbk98 submission Is the whale cutting leeks again? 
hibq0kw comment If it goes down just think of it as BTC on discount and buy more 
hibpvsy comment Never be surprised! Those memes of BTC owners with the dead stares are spot-on! 
hicvo6r comment Zoom out 
hibpzby comment Who knows. 
hibq8w2 comment Choosing to buy low and sell high is indeed a good way, but it also faces risks. When you buy down, how do you sell it and wait for it to continue to pull back? 
hibqhq4 comment Why do you think it is correct? 
hibqeqw comment Who knows what this comment means? 
hibqf9m comment You hold for 5 years. Profit. 
hibqq0t comment A lot of times people will buy on top, then BTC takes a little dump and they sell out of fear. Then it blasts off out of nowhere. 
hibvwvp comment It means he doesn’t know the future trend 
qhbtij submission MoHan 
qhby9f submission May have found an old wallet from 2013 - need help - reward offered. 
hibynxc comment get in touch with dave:
https://www.walletrecoveryservices.com/

and ignore any dm’s 
hic4nl0 comment Good luck bro, later tells us what happend 
hidof89 comment I had this EXACT wallet and lost my wallet and recoverred it. Took me 4 years.

You must have saved a backup at one point. SAFETY-> Back up wallet.  Find that back up. It should be in /storage/emulated/0/Download/ 

Or maybe you emailed the file to yourself? Or maybe you saved it in google drive, drop box.

If you find this file, you can figure out the password using a python script. 

Once you figure out the wallet backup password all your history will appear and get updated to the current state. 

The feeling you get when it finally works is heaven. 
hibz8zw comment I have the same app on my phone. I checked the "safety notes" link in the app.  

It says to use the in-app backup feature rather than a backup of the phone's contents.  

I'm guessing that means the private key isn't easily accessible from a simple file based backup (although there is hope if the app source code is available).

Do you recall if you ever used the backup feature within the app and might've put the backup somewhere? 

Failing that,  working out where the app stored the private key, whether you have that file,  and how it was encrypted (if at all) are your best bet,  I would think. 

Sorry if a lot of this is obvious, just figured I'd share the thought process if I was in same boat. 
hibw36j comment The current source mentions a few filenames:

>wallet-protobuf

>key-backup-base58

>key-backup-protobuf

>bitcoin-wallet-backup

Any of those in your backup?

edit: Source code from around 2013 also mentions a file just called "wallet" 
hibtyzy comment We need to help out 1990humanboy!!  Looks like a fun Treasure Hunt!!! 
hic8vu8 comment [deleted] 
hidiaj8 comment Do you still have the phone?

I work in Law enforcement digital forensics investigations

A physical extraction may be able to recover the deleted files, I have had decent luck with extracting and recovering phone data from wiped handset.

I'm thinking if any artefacts may be available to confirm the private key a recovery should be straight forward.

&#x200B;

Its likely you have already seen this but > 

[https://github.com/bitcoin-wallet/bitcoin-wallet/blob/ce4644cf81d11be07f01e2d65a648e6e2911b256/wallet/README.recover.md](https://github.com/bitcoin-wallet/bitcoin-wallet/blob/ce4644cf81d11be07f01e2d65a648e6e2911b256/wallet/README.recover.md)

This may explain why you have a backup on your mac also. 
hic8g58 comment Sorry, I can't help..just commenting for exposure/to participate in a potentially legendary thread 
hid6jo5 comment **I'll do it.**

If you don't find a professional who can take your case, or don't want to risk giving your data to them, contact me here.

I'm better than a pro because I won't ask to see your wallet, I'll tell you exactly what to do publicly right here, where everybody can tell you if I ask anything suspicious. I'll post the code on github for the world to see and check.

And I'll ask the same fee as a pro who will ask to see your files: 20%. Let's make that 19. You only pay if we find the keys. I'm at your mercy, you could literally not tell me the script works, I'm counting on you to be honest and not screw me out of my reward.

The plan: I'd write a script that bruteforces through the raw data and tries every position of combination and length so check if it's a valid key **You'd run it**, I would never have access to any data. If that doesn't work, we move on to more complex steps, until it stops being worth it.

I have already done this btw, a few years back, though what I recovered was worth a bit under $1k at the time... 
qhbzfm submission When we rose to 67k BTC volume was pretty low on exchanges. Now volume is super high during this correction. 
hic1chy comment Options expiry Friday. Manipulation will be bigger next couple days. Buy dip or chill or both. 
hibtll2 comment why not?  the price goes up, and people set their limit orders to catch a dip.  and lots of people were on the sidelines waiting for a small discount. they got it. big deal. perfectly normal.    

there's a saying that goes "stairs up, elevator down. stairs down, elevator up". it describes a sort of market psychology and typical structure of the charts.  like an army advancing into contested territory. you inch forward, maybe they see you and are just sitting back waiting for an opportunity.  they bait you in, and eventually pounce. the various enemy factions don't even have to coordinate with each other to do this, because they can see and hear if there are battles going on, and the geography aka charts will help tell the story of where the best place to attack might be. and because of the surprise attack, you retreat substantially, losing lots of the ground you thought you had already taken because of the seeming lack of resistance. everyone wants to get the best price they can, buyers and sellers alike. 
hibu9gi comment Increasing price with decreasing volume is usually bearish. 
hic9l68 comment At least according to Coinbase volume, the current dip has lower volume than the rise to ATH. 
qhc4rq submission Dm (602) 742-5982 if u want to learn how to invest in crypto and make as huge as I did succeed 😚🥰🥰🥰🥰...Am so happy 😋😋 
qhc5p8 submission Advcash and Binance 
hibvbc5 comment advcash has been around a while.. but it's certainly not the only way to convert crypto to fiat.. in fact I'd say it's not widely used. 
hidsdym comment P2P is the best opt. 
hibur5z comment why are you using a foreign company for bitcoin trade? use an american company and you can use your bank. assuming you're in america. 
hibyciv comment What are the others ways ? Please 
qhc80s submission 7 things no one will tell you about Shiba inu https://reddit.com/r/Thedogcoin/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share 
qhcee5 submission BE CAREFUL, USA/EARLY WALLETS/MIAMI/ETF APPROVED JUST IN TIME TO SHORT?!?!? 
hibw552 comment Yawn. Take your fud to bed and make love to it. 
hibxvdj comment your world is small.   

you have recency bias. 
hibwmvm comment What are you talking about? The ETF hasn’t been approved yet. Also, the ETF is to short exposure to bitcoin FUTURES contracts. Not the underlying asset itself.

And proof of work isn’t going anywhere anytime soon. Many crypto miners are looking to nuclear for a cleaner energy source (as well as multiple other green options). 
hie2cda comment ETFs rejected. Better find some new FUD. 
hic5k0t comment [removed] 
hibxipo comment [removed] 
hic76w0 comment You should seriously consider ditching this account for one with a different username like: averageguylearning or allmypostsaredumb87

You may be a man however, there are most likely no myths about you and I'm not certain what a "Legand" is.  =P

Picture a dartboard.  A person is aiming to hit a bullseye.  You're the person who has never played before and is throwing darts into the wall below the target. 
hiby7up comment What? No you’re wrong bro. Quote from the link below:

“Although the SEC has proven receptive to a narrow class of bitcoin ETFs – after years of stonewalling – it has not yet weighed in on these more ambitious follow-ups. The agency has 75 days to respond before Direxion’s ETF would automatically take effect.”

https://www.coindesk.com/business/2021/10/26/etf-issuer-direxion-files-for-short-bitcoin-futures-product/ 
qhchjb submission Bitcoin by world population 
hibx5bt comment you need the picture for motivation? the simple math isn't good enough for you? 
hibx6py comment I want the website 
hibyqfu comment It’s 21 million (maximum number of btc) divided by world population which is around 7.9 billion 
hibygch comment http://bitcoinsperperson.com 
hid1bnw comment Your forgetting the roughly 3 million bitcoin lost forever ..the total circulating supply is closer to 18 million 
hibymxl comment THANK YOU 
hic1bu6 comment Oh shit I’m set… 
hidy2fc comment >Given that a bitcoin currently cost $61,540, there are only enough bitcoins for every person to have $149.63 worth. If bitcoins were distributed using the current global distribution of wealth, 99.9% of people would have $28.46 worth of bitcoins, and people in the top .001% would have 0.73 bitcoins each.

Wow...if Bitcoin continues to take off, I'll be set for life 
qhcjio submission Bitcoin Forum 
qhcpd5 submission Nostalgic - Keep HODLing. I thought 11k was alot and here we are hitting 60s 
qhcphl submission $SHIB 🚀 
qhcprm submission Bitcoin 
hiby7bq comment How do you expect the Bitcoin subreddit to react to this question? 
hiczwk1 comment Don't buy shitcoins 
hic1fzd comment [removed] 
hic1q6z comment I would personally rather liquidate all of my usd and buy btc. Fiat currency is fundamentally flawed beyond repair. 

But you have to make your own choices. Not financial advice. 
hic2acc comment [removed] 
hic3gf2 comment Are you trying to scam or be scammed? 
hic2lzk comment No. But I will leave you this twitter thread about tether for your future decisions. https://twitter.com/thelastbearsta1/status/1418302465557110785 
qhd0ck submission Bitcoin could become the global reserve currency, says Senator 
hicu50s comment This seems like misinformation.

Maxi Bitcoin hodler here BTW.

There is a video in that link and he says "**cryptocurrency** could become the world reserve currency of the world".  He did not say **bitcoin** in that video clip.

Is there a full video where he actually says "**bitcoin** could become the world currency of the world"? 
hic0shi comment tldr; US Senator Rand Paul has said that Bitcoin (BTC) may become the global reserve currency in the future, especially as people lose confidence in the government. Paul has belonged to the crypto community since 2016, at which point he claimed to accept Bitcoin donations for his campaign. However, no one can claim that there is a connection between trust in government and interest in cryptocurrencies.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hiel5oi comment @GlobalProTrader ,@maneco1964
If a senator of a country can even propose an idea like this - we can see how desperate America is for the global reserve currency status. America has become a banana republic or close to becoming one - I think. 
hifpo4a comment The key argument, if I was a US Senator, would be about the threat that #bitcoin poses to USD as the global reserve. The US benefits greatly from USD being reserve, and would be hurt if that was to change. 
hic4nt2 comment Rand Paul is AWESOME!

suck it leftist shills....  Bitcoin has libertarian roots.

End the Fed. Long Live Bitcoin. 
hic3lzu comment Well, says Rand Paul. One of then least credible out there. 
hie2bdy comment Bitcoin has many qualities that might appeal to Nations for this: a non-political and neutral currency with ultimate scarcity. 
hifensd comment No you're right, he also (paraphrasing) said it could happen if we continue mis-managing the dollar 
hida0wn comment It doesn't. It has cypherpunk roots 
hicw7b8 comment I too for one wellcome our corporate overlords. 
qhd4he submission upcoming nft project! 
qhdj88 submission They propose to remove the mempool from Bitcoin and assign transactions directly to miners 
hic9cof comment Well good thing that’s never going to happen. 
hic4muh comment Who is “they”?  Source? 
hic80by comment tldr; A panel of experts in Bitcoin mining has proposed eliminating the mempool, a temporary memory where transactions pending confirmation are stored in the Bitcoin blockchain. Users would be better off sending their transactions to the miners directly, a task that "can be easily accomplished" by mining pools running an “onion” Tor node for this purpose.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hiciign comment That would be stupid. We want everyone to be able to validate transactions and the blockchain on their own by simply running a fully validating bitcoin node. Why would we want to solely rely on miners for transaction validation? 
hic7ot8 comment qoute:
According to software engineer Lisa Neigut, the mempool, which is a temporary memory where transactions pending confirmation are stored in the Bitcoin blockchain, is an obsolete mechanism that must be eliminated, even if it negatively impacts individual mining, such as as he admitted.

In an e-mail sent to the specialized web group “bitcoin-dev”, the expert suggested that by eliminating mempool, the bandwidth requirement to run a node would be “greatly” reduced and transactions would be kept private. 
qhdntz submission Is now the best time to get into BTC? 
hic5ocn comment I prefer having Bitcoin than fiat, so when I get some fiat, I trade it for actual money. 
hic5qz8 comment is this a question or a statement?  

now is the only time to get into bitcoin that you have for sure. tomorrow may not even come, and yesterday is done already. 
hicoghz comment Buy, hodl, and check BTC value 5+ times a day until you die 
hic94n1 comment The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago, the next best time is today.

The same applies to BTC at least until it reaches 2 mil. 
hicafps comment “everyone buys Bitcoin at the price they deserve” - Dan Held 
hicniqp comment Best time was like 10 years ago, but today’s not bad either. 
hic5bpk comment No time like the present. 
hic4wj6 comment Yes.
Buy xxx$( insert comfortable number here) ***every day*** at hh:mm (insert comfortable hour here) and don't look at the price for next 3 years. You will have BTC at all price levels and will be a happy HODLer 😜 
hicr3ev comment You need DCA if you're unsure mate, then you'll buy every dip (and peak). As long as you believe in the concept and upwards trend of bitcoin, this is the most consistant way to the top with the least mental investment. 

Brought to you by a three week DCA-er 
hid1436 comment The best time to get into BTC was 10 years ago. The second best time is now. 
qhdrg6 submission Is Bitcoin circulation like this? 
hic5ea1 comment 😐 did you just say *”1 billion bitcoins”*? 
hic5h0y comment fake news basically. custodians represent millions of customers and nobody can actually know how many customers are represented.  

and even if it were true, so what? what kind of person would be concerned about this? and why?  

as if "circulation" is supposed to include some kind of communist redistribution plan? and as if the naturally resulting distribution of the freest, most open, and most voluntary market the world has ever seen is somehow unfair or unethical or some equally incomprehensible gobbledygook?  so dumb. so so dumb. 
hifmz98 comment Make a metaphor 
hifn17y comment Agree with you 
hig64r8 comment A sextillion human beings 
qhdu4y submission I want to gift a small amount of Bitcoin to each of my newb students. What are my best options? 
hic5z4e comment Have them set up wallets. Then send sats 
hic6czb comment [Muun](https://muun.com/) is the easiest wallet to start from zero and receive a few sats. (others have minimums of sats, or fees to pay for channel opening, muun subsidizes this)

Then you can send them sats either directly from your wallet or you could use something like [lightning gifts](https://lightning.gifts) 
hid14y7 comment Open dime. 
hic69ea comment Use any easy mobile wallet like coinomi.
Have them set it up on a phone
In the meanwhile They will learn about the seed.
Send the satoshis 
hic8vye comment CashApp 
hict4y3 comment Hello teach got my wallet set up… 
hidm44j comment You will need to give each student at least 0.00001 BTC (~0.60 USD).  That is effectively 2x the dust limit.  Since the minimum amount of mining fee for a transaction is 0.0000014 BTC, this gives them enough to move the balance maybe two times before the balance becomes dust and unmovable.

I'd also suggest you give them the BTC then make them move it to their own wallet.  If they don't do this by the end of class, then move the funds back to your own wallet.

I would HIGHLY suggest you give them 0.5 tBTC on testnet.  There are plenty of wallets that support testnet and it will give them more flexibility in movement.

In either case, the best way to do this would be to generate 50 (or whatever) BIP39-seed-mnemonics.  Then load the first address (`m/84'/0'/0'/0/0`) of each seed-mnemonic.  Then just pass out the seeds in sealed envelopes. 
hic6idj comment I'm hoping to find something that I can prepare in advance and give out all at once rather than move from person to person while the others wait. I have no experience trading between individuals. 
hic6w0l comment Looking at Lightning Gifts now... 
hid5wm1 comment If it’s a low number os students thats a great option 
qhdytg submission Can I use BitBuy to exchange currency? 
hic8l1v comment This has nothing to do with Bitcoin, and everything to do with the laws of Canada and USA. 
hicdjix comment Yeah it's good exchange. I use netcoins and bitbuy for my purchases, both of them are affordable. 
hic81pl comment Why ask us? You don't know whether a redditor's answer will be the truth. Go to the exchange and just try with a small amount. I use kraken which I believe does allow what you're describing but I've never needed so i have never tried it. 
qhea7v submission Me every morning trying to remind myself 
qhebog submission Whomever is advising President Bukele on buying the dip since El Salvador went live with BTC seems to know about when the floor of a "correction" is in... 
hic9sht comment *It’s all connected* 
hicwdeo comment This is a dent not a dip young one 
hicc28g comment These comments are wild 
hicac8i comment Ehhhh

*watches it drop to $54k over the next week* 
hicaom4 comment This condescending comment means nothing to me.

There are a handful of people across the exchanges effectively controlling bitcoin.  Disagree with me all you want.

As the 1st country to adopt bitcoin, those same people don't want El Salvador to look foolish because that hurts them.

Also, https://youtu.be/IetaaBPtS6I?t=97 
hicq508 comment Lol indeed 
hicb9dc comment I'm still of the opinion with approximately 60 days left "PlanB" will no longer be worshiped.

I can't have it both ways though so, either I will be proven wrong about PlanB's S2F model or Bukele being advised.  

As much as I do not want to admit it, I think PlanB will end up being correct and Bukele has been advised accordingly. 
hicayb7 comment I need it to go to 0 asap. 
hicijyj comment You’re delusional. The day El Salvador began its adoption of Bitcoin (Sept 7th) Bukele tweeted “Buying the dip 😉150 new coins added” Bitcoin was at 51-50k. The next day Bitcoin fell over 15% and didn’t surpass 50k for nearly a month. A multitude of media outlets, and many others, mocked and literally called him a fool. Some still do. 

Over time Bitcoin will continue to increase in value; the only one who can prove to you that you’re wrong- is yourself. 
hicc17u comment $188k seems, “high”, but I’ve been proven conservative for the last 10 years, so, we shall see. 
qheox5 submission Sick of margin users getting mad that they suck at trading 
hicli53 comment I say bring on more crying users, I thoroughly enjoy reading how they got wrecked. 
hicn18e comment Applying leverage to a rollercoaster is a bad idea. You want to get thrown off the ride? That's how you get thrown off the ride. 
hiccrv0 comment Trading bitcoin on margin..I have always played it pretty risky. But I don't lever cryptos ..  those guys have balls of iron, which are bound to be crushed by the hammer of volitility. 
hicifd3 comment Do they have deals that only get cut off at dips of 70%? That is the only way I'd even consider that shit, and I still wouldn't. Running one's eyes over the price line for any amount of time should clue people in that 10%+ dips are really common, this is not like stocks where 5% is some eye-turning catastrophic event. The game here is fundamentally different, and they're getting blown up for playing the wrong game. 
hicz535 comment There's no cure for stupidity.

Or greed. 
hicj46v comment If you used margin at 2 :1 ratio is might be ok..but everyone levers to some ungodly ratio 
hid04n3 comment The exchanges love leverage, they can see the order book and they can see your leverage ratio and they can see your stops......easy money.
So they lose a few plebs they know that we are still early and for every one they lose there will be a hundred more in 6 months. 
hicqfhc comment Sure.  Liquidation price depends on the leverage used. 
hickp2e comment Yeah, that's what I've used for stock trading, and even that can get risky. There's a lot of people that run 10x+, the complain when the price moves a few percent and they get liquidated. Kucoin paid out every who lost money on the last dip. But I'm sick of people bitching about losing their accounts lol 
hiyqqun comment Yeah for sure. I can see it in realtime. On KuCoin in particular, I probably own the top 1% of their KCS coin (thinly traded). If I put up an order of say 15,000 coins, I'll get immediately stepped by a 60,000+ coin order. I almost guarantee nobody on that exchange has that many KCS coins lol. In addition, the most KCS you can buy on margin is 30,000 coins, so it can't be a margin user either. At current price, that means I'm getting outbid +$1 million in coins.

I almost guarantee that's a bot ran by the exchange lol 
qhep85 submission $10 
qhetyo submission People have to grow up and realize we don’t know fck about shit when it comes to crypto. 
hicfaqu comment The vast majority of shitcoins are scams or are heavily biased towards the creators. Bitcoin is one of the only transparent and fair coins on the market, and is by far the most time-tested. Will some random meme coin probably take off at some point in the future? Sure. But is it a technology I believe in? Not unless it’s bitcoin. 
hicfiu4 comment This belongs to Cryptocurrency not here 
hichned comment Shitcoins will probably outperform bitcoin 99% of the time? Yeah okay, it's time for you to lay off the drugs pal.

You can just look at the data and see that this is false. Will some shitcoins outperform bitcoin on a small time frame? Yes, of course some shitcoins will outperform bitcoin on a very small time frame. Look at what happens after that. 
hico70o comment No crypto here, only Bitcoin  
You're trolling in the wrong place 
hicpwvi comment aaaand removed for being off topic. 
hice02e comment A famous philosopher once said “I know that I know nothing" 
hicp3g0 comment I only got problem with people that come here and spread bullshit that doesn't really apply to bitcoin but 100% x10 apply to the shitcoin they invested in haha. 
hici23e comment It was more of a motivator for new comers and people who don’t know fck about shit. Just like you man. Just like me. Am I going all in on a “shit” coin??? Maybe, maybe not,maybe go fck yourself. It’s none of your business what I do in crypto. Just push crypto. Stop being brand loyal caz we aren’t at that stage yet. Just keep pushing it. 
hicp6n4 comment How am I trolling? If you read it, I say do whatever you feel is right. If you were new into crypto would you like my post or not? If your an elder to crypto wouldn’t you want the same? Grow up. 
hicq1a3 comment If you read it how is it off topic of Bitcoin or crypto? 
qhf4pl submission Who needs some romans and fun....I don’t beg no one to message me If u don’t know what is expected of you please don’t bother messaging☎️+16027425982 
qhfarx submission +16027425982 
qhfjm3 submission Daily Discussion, October 28, 2021 
higohme comment Anyone getting a feeling like we are about to take off tomorrow? 
hie0v0z comment Fun fact: when [r/buttcoin](https://www.reddit.com/r/Buttcoin/) was started just over 10 years ago, one Bitcoin was $13 
hif8qko comment I think BTC is unstoppable. 
hig7cbc comment People need to realize that even during bear markets the exchanges are fucking bottlenecked to the core with customer service requests and incoming user registrations/KYC requests.

There is huge number of people being onramped to Bitcoin on a daily basis.

The price *will* continue to grow. A $10T market cap will be here before you know it 
hid29ec comment So I thought this would be somewhat interesting. I’m interested to see what the general demographic of this forum is, based on country. It’s purely an exercise to see the split and whether there are more non-English speaking people than immediately appear, etc. 

Feel free to fill in the form, completely confidential and doesn’t ask you anything other than the country you’re from :). 

[What country are you from?](https://www.smartsurvey.co.uk/s/YCFJPB/)

I will publish the results once there is a good sample for anyone who is interested

EDIT : 3000 satoshis to a person of a random country to be given in 8 hours time, just have to screenshot your survey completion page for proof. Good luck :) 
hid645u comment I keep reminding myself to focus on accumulation. I see gains in other areas which will steal my attention and cost me dearly in the long run. I just bought 163,711 sats. Let’s go. 
hieymsn comment I came here to see “wtf” comments. 
hicx86i comment Nice move 🚀 
hid2ysz comment Bitcoin is where all money flows into long term. It is the nash equilibrium of storing wealth in money. Anything else in the crypto space is just a count of how many leap frogs it takes to get to Bitcoin. Usually they leap all the way up to the platform tokens, and it takes one or two bear markets for retail to finally default to Bitcoin. 

Those billions you see outside the protocol are there because they got FUD out of their Bitcoin. 
higalc3 comment Time for my oft copy/pasted favorite metric; the one that doesn't allow me to ever be a bear.

Bitcoin yearly LOWS. The lowest trading price of each year:

2010 – $0.01

2011 – $0.30

2012 – $4

2013 – $65

2014 – $260

2015 – $150

2016 – $350

2017 – $780

2018 – $3,122

2019 – $3,322

2020 – $3,850

2021 – $28,800 (so far)

Hard to imagine posting a lower low this year. Remarkable! 
qhfsyo submission BTC price action 10x replica of 2017 BTC price action 
hicl3rd comment We can’t expect anything. Don’t use leverage. Just use dca if you have conviction and hodl 
hidmt7y comment Doesn’t that mean there will be a big dip in November? 
hidqgqu comment If you just look at the btc price over the last year.  It looks like the same pattern happened twice already and might be on its 3rd leg.  I personally think it's a very large hedge fund or group of whales using algorithms to mimick a Wyckoff distribution pattern. 
hiciyal comment Time for 🐕‍🦺 to take a big dump and 💔.  It's about time for money to get out of SHIB and come back to BTC and alts again. 
hih0dr7 comment Not a coincidence. Look up PlanB’s stock 2 flow model. 
hicjioi comment Future price can be anything though. 
hifnujm comment Yeah, don't put more than you can afford to lose, margin is taking loan to buy Bitcoin 
hidce0n comment The broke boys buying SHIB won’t affect Bitcoin’s price. 
qhftlp submission Question: If you have a node, do you need a hardware wallet? 
hicj8hr comment Yes.

The keys should be in a device that is never, ever, connected to the internet. You can do this with an old pc, a raspberry pi, etc. It doesn't have to be a dedicated hardware if you want to save money, or want to DIY.

A node is connected to the internet, so any wallet there would be a hot wallet. Not recommended for long term and/or high value. 
hicxix9 comment Best way to utilize the benefits of your own full node and your hardware wallet is to connect your hardware wallet to your node ;)  

The keys are stored on the hardware wallet, and everything is verified on the full node, and no leaking of privacy to third parties' backends. 
hiczv6o comment The node is for privacy, and for verifying your transactions exist.

The hardware wallet is a secure enclave single purpose transaction signing device (okay some don't have a secure chip, you might also use a Seedsigner, etc) 
hicpimh comment That makes sense, thanks 
qhfwlf submission El Salvador Buys The Dip: 420 More Bitcoins —And The Investment Is Already Profitable 
hidz0y9 comment They perfectly time the dip-buys. How do they do it? 
qhfwyw submission How Serious of a threat does quantum computing pose to crypto currency 
hicjl8w comment Just do the search on this subreddit 
hicj2k2 comment As long as you don't reuse your addresses and keep your node updated, you should be fine. 
hicjlrr comment The only real threat is the millions of btc that are stuck in vulnerable outputs flooding the market. As for everything else it will be updated long before qc becomes a threat. 
hicjq0n comment lyn alden said something along the lines: to worry about quantum computing being a threat to bitcoin is as absurd as worrying about investing in oil because of the threat of nuclear fission making oil obsolete. 

no one who invests in oil seriously worries about nuclear fission destroying their investment even though nuclear fission is a possible but unlikely threat. 

sure quantum computing is a possible threat to bitcoin but is it likely? nope. at least not in our life time. 
hicjq3s comment It's hard to predict what a computer that doesn't exist yet can do. 
hicjxfi comment People generally disagree on how serious a threat it could be or even if it will be possible. A few things to consider.

1. If SHA256 were cracked then we’re all going to have a bad day. Lots of information systems are secured with encryption.  And SHA256 is pretty good.

2. If this happened would it be a nation state? And if so would they try to take some bitcoin or would they try to break into military or political infrastructure first to make the most of the element of surprise?

3. Bitcoin can fork, implementing a quantum resistant encryption algorithm if necessary. Or better yet, quantum computers could theoretically create better encryption algorithms to protect against malicious quantum computers.

4. Satoshi’s coins haven’t moved. IMO, the big wallets are the canaries in the coal mine if someone went after bitcoin and they’re still fine.

I’m no expert so perhaps someone in encryption or a related field can chime in or correct me. 
qhfybj submission How to recover Sent tokens USDT to exchange "Coinbase" on the wrong network BTC Omni lost missing can't retrieve recieve or find my transactions 
hicls9e comment Wrong sub 
hicnsrw comment Why ignore the big warning on Coinbase - make sure you send using the right network, or you lose your coins  

Coinbase used to support Omni USDT, so they might have a legacy technical skillset to recover your coins, as long as the ETH/USDT address is a valid Omni/USDT address  

This requires much manual work for Coinbase, and they'll expect you to pay their labor fee 
hicu49k comment Before, the warning did not exist on coinbase. 
This was three months before the updates and alerts they've added to their app. 
They stopped taking Omni only days before my order on 07/28/2021. 
Their website said accepts usdt Omni and in early July two weeks previously I had sent $450 usdt over Omni network to Coinbase successfully. 
They changed the rule and won't help me now.
They refuse in support emails to assist me.

I just needed an alternative using iancoleman.io bip44 to export private keys of the recieve address (Coinbase) and sending them to Omniwallet.org 
hicvxae comment Three months ago? Why should anybody care? just contact Coinbase and offer to pay their fee 
qhg0po submission Federal Reserve Discuss Allowing Banks to Hold Crypto 
hicn92t comment Worst clickbait trash video ever, narrated by a mumbler, unintelligible 
hie8tbj comment And still a lot of people think crypto will vanish one day in just some sort of time. 
hidbf39 comment First, let private banks holding Bitcoin on their balance sheet.

Then, central banks will make the same strategic move in the future.

Gradually, Then Suddenly. 
hid85k4 comment Just keep the mistake and forget it,you just wasted your time and got nothing. 
qhgfxl submission Is IBKR good for buying crypto ? 
hicvpu2 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it pertains primarily to altcoin discussion and/or promotion. Altcoins are off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit. Please post in the subreddit appropriate to that altcoin instead. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hicsivm comment Use a known exchange. 
hictb5k comment If you need to ask, then avoid it. 

Check out r/bitcoinbeginners if you are new, and as u/smoothGoing said, use a known exchange 
hictw9r comment I use IBKR for stocks only, the crypto trading on IBKR doesnt seem avalible in my region with no option for it in trading permissions. I'm using using Binance for purchasing crypto. It was the easiest to set up as far as KYC was concerned. Binance remain the largest and most reliable (in my opinion) exchange to date. Binance availibility would depend on your location. 
qhggjd submission ⚡ Lightning Thursday! October 28, 2021: Explore the Lightning Network!⚡ 
hidr169 comment The fact that this thread never gets even close to as much action as daily discussion shows you how early we still are 
hicob5h comment If you’re interested in lightning you should check out John Laws iid proposal https://github.com/JohnLaw2/btc-iids/blob/main/iids14.pdf 
hig29sq comment [deleted] 
hid0s2o comment I run a full node on win10, how do i run a LN node on win10 on top of it, to benefit from the already downloaded ~400GB of data? 
hidi6o1 comment How does one convert sats on lightnight to L1 BTC? 
hihh5s4 comment Will MasterCard and Visa start setting up a lot of channels? 
hihh76z comment Are there any Lightning Network Point Of Sale devices? 
hieyc5i comment [removed] 
hicorak comment Do you care to post a short TLDR of the proposal, please? 
higmfmx comment IID looks like the best scaling proposal to me thus far. Better than channel factories. 
qhgjfw submission hardforks are good for bitcoin and a new type of democracy 
qhgthp submission Sound Money vs Stable Money 
hicnwod comment Anyone know if the author is a bitcoiner yet? 
hicqtyn comment tldr; Amitai Etzioni: Historically, there have been two contrasting monetary doctrines: "sound money" and "stable money." "Sound money advocates lost the intellectual battle in the early years of the 20th century, and now the principles of this doctrine have been largely forgotten," he writes. "Stable money advocates sincerely believe that market-controlled money will periodically cause recessions, panics, and deflation, and therefore markets must be replaced by government actions," he adds.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hicqxs8 comment Not the greatest summary. I recommend reading the whole article it is fascinating! 
qhgyqr submission Exit, Voice & Bitcoin - hardforks are good for bitcoin and a new type of democracy,but you need to hold the real bitcoin to get them and then you got choice to sell the bad actor or support the good actor,hyper-evolution 
hicvpsc comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it pertains primarily to altcoin discussion and/or promotion. Altcoins are off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit. Please post in the subreddit appropriate to that altcoin instead. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
qhh3mb submission Wallet address starting with 2 
qhh4ho submission Anybody know the hash rate of this card? https://www.asus.com/Motherboards-Components/Graphics-Cards/Turbo/TURBO-RTX3070-8G/ 
hicppzg comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it is considered off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hicprdq comment You can't really mine bitcoin with GPUs. 
hicptww comment it’s more for selling the card, it has a blister fan and people were saying it’s good for mining 
qhh6mm submission free 
qhh8sx submission 1 of Michael Green's subordinates used his name & "cloned a real firm" to thieve 1.34 BTC & about $7500 in Gold Bullion. totaling nearly AU$80,000 from me 
hicqt3h comment This post is confusingly formatted.  So you voluntarily sent some dude your money? How can we be sure you aren't the thief trying to get someone to steal for you? Where is your evidence? Or are we supposed to believe all accusations? Just because you claim you are disabled? Not sure how that is relevant except as emotional manipulation.


Protonmail didn't raise any red flags for a business contact? 99.999% chance you can't get your money back. how did they get bullion from you? you mailed it to them?  to what address? india? pakistan? 
hics8cw comment This sounds like a scam post anyway. 
hicseb1 comment probably right. he's the guy at protonmail waiting for someone to take the bait and try to investigate. 
qhhbl5 submission Biden on Bitcoin 
hifz5x0 comment I'm locking this thread. A lot of you are glued to corporate news propaganda and it shows. 
hidhe7d comment I am the great cornholio. I need Bitcoin for my bunghole 
hidlvfz comment This is why the age of retirement should apply to presidents too. 
hicxhan comment Why’s he standing like that? 😂 
hiemr3o comment Buy Bitcoin ya dog-face pony soldiers! 
hid93f9 comment Bearish on the whole fucking country 
hicvvvh comment 😂😂🚀 the rocket man🚀 
hiev9gx comment He's hodling 
hid9a3r comment rigor mortis setting in 
hiddgsb comment If you google "old people clenched fists" you'll get your explanation. 
qhhfw6 submission DCA, HODL, & STFU 
hicrnox comment Tale as old as time 
hicrr5e comment Can do. Thank you Dad. 
hid2vpn comment What do these mean like I assume stfu means shut tf up but what’s the other 2 
higewky comment Best exchange for DCA?  Swan? 
hif94pn comment I’d say it should go like this:

DCA, send to cold wallet, HODL, stop checking price, best forget about it and STFU. 
hiwt1el comment Edit following the Squid Token rug pull: DCA, HODL, STFU *& avoid shitcoins.*

So foreseeable that Squid was a scam. 
hifxxzm comment Song as old as rhyme 
hid6xmr comment Dca-daily cost average

Hodl- hold but in magic internet money speak 
higxflr comment Hodl. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=375643.0 
hiop8qb comment 100% 
qhhhrk submission Market Analysis on October 28th, 2021 
qhhtvt submission US Regulators Weigh Avenues for Banks to Hold Crypto: Report 
qhhwik submission BTC may rise sharply 
hictw3f comment this is where you throw a bunch of made up terms at us and hope your seeming confidence makes us believe you're an advanced scientist? 
qhhxah submission TIL you can invest bitcoin in a long term secured trust 
hicu77t comment you never heard of GBTC? 
qhi17o submission DCA DCA DCA DCA your investments in BTC. 
hid5lsj comment A positive and informative post. Thank you. I was late in 2016 because I used the bloody things for the wrong purpose, and I was late this year thinking why not start in March.

But, the lull was useful, and even recouped a little recently with a well below 60k just in case, and got the case. 
qhi3ps submission This Simple Advice on Bitcoin From Satoshi Nakamoto Is All You Need To Know To Take Action. Owning Bitcoin just in case is more relevant than ever. 
hicuuwe comment Here is what Satoshi Nakamoto wrote in an email exchange on the "Cryptography Mailing List" in January 2009 just after the launch of Bitcoin:

>“It might make sense just to get some in case Bitcoin catches on. If enough people think the same way, that becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.”

Satoshi Nakamoto had a very clear vision when he launched Bitcoin. Owning Bitcoin made sense, just in case. In case the success of the Bitcoin network becomes so great that the prophecy of this people-owned digital currency comes true.

Today, Bitcoin has more than 130 million users, and it’s safe to say that this self-fulfilling prophecy is just about to come true. So rather than having regrets about not knowing about Bitcoin in January 2009, you need to fully embrace the present by seeking to build the best future for yourself. 
hicw1ng comment tldr; Bitcoin is the first step in separating money from the hands of the State and giving the power of money back to the people. Satoshi Nakamoto had a very clear vision when he launched Bitcoin in 2009: Owning Bitcoin made sense, just in case. Bitcoin may fail in its revolution in the years to come, but the success of Bitcoin is inevitable.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hicvz9g comment This is the way 
hicurd6 comment No offense but of course he would say that. He’s the largest holder of bitcoin by astronomical projections. 
qhi3s8 submission Bitcoin is back on the cover of the leading investor magazine Barron's: the first cryptocurrency is becoming mainstream 👀 
hicxaui comment Yes, bitcoin going mainstream. This is the way. 
hidbbeo comment Bitcoin goes mainstream. Its success is inevitable now.

If you are a Bitcoin HODLer, your best days are ahead. 
hih3b00 comment My favorite so far this year. Got it delivered to my door. Perfect way to start the day ☕️ . 
hie05vy comment I wouldn’t read too much into this. The boomers who read Barron’s don’t know how BTC actually works. 
hift9fk comment Remember when Barron’s did something about the bull market from March 2020 and yet the stock market kept going higher? 
hie4y1v comment Barron's blows hot and cold over Bitcoin, depending on what topic sells magazines at the moment.

If you take this to mean that Barron's blows when it comes to being informed, you could be right. 
hieryfp comment Where does one buy this? I’ve never purchased a newspaper before but I want this. 
hifk5ot comment We just need to worry about NY Times… somehow they call the the tops and bottoms so well 😜. 
hifxkit comment I know people are very focused on the technical aspects of an ETF. But surely the bigger story is one of crypto adoption. 
hihaqna comment Yeah ,If 67k is going mainstream, what will mass adoption be priced in at? 
qhi4id submission #BTC 
hicuwfy comment Dude, chill. Stop looking at the price, HODL and check again in 4 weeks. 
hicv9ug comment Mods, this is bait. The user sent a private message straight after and wants to scam. 
qhi4q4 submission Dubai finance watchdog approves listing of Bitcoin fund 
hicw1h6 comment tldr; The Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) has approved the listing of the Bitcoin Fund (QBTCu.TO), a closed-end investment vehicle based in Canada. The fund debuted on Nasdaq on June 23, 2021, and became the first listed digital asset fund in the Middle East. The DFSA is establishing itself as an innovative regulator for the region by focusing on fintech and innovative technology.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hif2wul comment More emphasis should be put into day tradiing as it is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market 
qhi6to submission Slovenia Launches Public Consultations on Crypto Taxation Law 
qhickm submission earn lunr free pills 
qhid24 submission Indian Crypto Regulation Is Planned for February: Report 
qhidd1 submission How to find out about the cryptocurrency pump on Binance and use insider information from the Telegram channel - CryptoPumpNews - cryptocurrency news 
qhiil2 submission Sold some of my #shibainucoin and got myself a full Bitcoin . 😃 
qhiiqm submission Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey reiterates a positive outlook on Bitcoin tipping during earnings call 
hid19m0 comment tldr; Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey said that Bitcoin tipping allows for "much more speed". Dorsey added that the new initiative is incentivizing content creation and cryptocurrency adoption alike. Twitter became the first major social media platform to adopt Bitcoin tipping in September, enabling users to send BTC directly to their favorite content creators through the site's native frontend.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hidiwhk comment Fuck Jack Dorsey and his censorship of opposing opinions. 
hie4qbh comment People cry about Twitter like it’s the only way to communicate with anyone. Pathetic. Don’t use Twitter if you don’t like it. It’s just a platform, use another one or start writing letters. Tired of this. Namaste, have a great day! 
hig13jg comment Those bastards at the post office censor all sorts of letters and parcels!

Granted mainly badly sealed packages, drugs and things that are a bit explodey, like batteries, aerosols and plastic explosive.

When will their tyranny end? 
higqex0 comment I am not crying snowflake. I just stated a fact that people can read and discern for themselves. 
higq5aq comment Being ignorant must be glorious. Congrats! 
higvrh3 comment 💋 
hij9une comment you post office apologist  bootlickers make me sick, pushing your warped postage agenda on people all the time.

And don't even get me started on privacy. Why do they need an address? It's disgusting, wake up sheeple! 
him827z comment Thanks. Your boyfriend will probably be jealous now. 
hijcw5t comment Exactly. Fuck Jack Dorsey. Absolutely agree with you. Up voted! 
qhij39 submission We need to get rid of meme/shitcoins for the bright future of crypto. 
hicx9ty comment You should definitely post this in the subreddits for these coins lol I bet they'll take it well 
hicx9y8 comment We don't need to do anything, shitcoins will get rid of themselves. That's the beauty of a free market. 
hicy5ox comment Can’t even get rid of scammers and spooks in bitcoin. I feel like that’s just human nature and they’re here to stay. 
hicxcog comment If it looks like a security, acts like a security, and trades like a security, it’s a security. The SEC gon’ get cha.  
Gensler has at least postured that BTC is not a security. However, shit coins will have a very ugly reckoning day. 
hid8nx4 comment Sounds like you want regulation. Don’t you worry it’s coming. 
hicz0hj comment Do not concur. It’s like saying the internet should be for serious use only. Meme culture is internet culture and meme coins are an important part of crypto culture too. If meme coins bring more people into the crypto space - that benefits everyone who wants to see crypto replace FIAT. Bring it. 
hiczkzn comment This is like saying penny stocks should be eliminated from the stock market.  

Some coins are shit.  Some stocks are shit.  Pump and dumps have been around a lot longer than crypto.  In the long run, the ones that deliver real value succeed, and the ones that don't fail. 
hicx7xd comment You're preaching to the choir bud. 
hicz3n6 comment The fun part of this is that meme/shitcoiners lose their money and we gain gain gain. 
hid75k1 comment Everything goes up in a bull market. 
qhio5k submission whats up mods? why we not allowed to talk about the potential of bitcoin through forking?satoshi nakamoto himself said everyone should keep their old wallets..so why is that? 
hidv5te comment Bitcoin is a consensus. Forks are not Bitcoin. Feel free to make your own, the source is open. Then, throw it on the pile with thousands of others. 
hidx15k comment Not the mod who removed your post but considering someone else posted the exact video a few hours earlier, your post was simply a duplicate. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/qgdrgx/andreas_antonopoulos_10252021_podcast_exit_voice/ 
hicyat0 comment While I agree that the rules here are too restrictive, it's like that for a reason. Ask any OG, the 2015 -2018 fork wars was an extremely toxic time for this subreddit. People are financially incentivized to create their own coin, print themselves all the supply, and advertise it on here. 

There  are other popular Bitcoin subreddits other than /r/Bitcoin with more relaxed rules. You don't have to browse this particular one. 
hid23xq comment ban his **SHITCOIN** ass !  
contentious off-topic garbage 
hicz8ju comment thanks for reply but i never mentioned any altcoin in that post that got removed,i was talking about the big picture and the link was to andreas antonopolous that was just talking about the same type of thing but just differently

but ya some may still have memories of that what happened but i think there was some very great lessons

the reason 'now' to be freaked of hardforks would be if you hold paper bitcoin cuz that would really put some fire behind them to not stray so far from satoshi law

hardforks im thinking lately will be with bitcoin forever and its a very good part about bitcoin cuz then the plebs always have choice but you need to hold your own keys to be a part of it all 
hid3pfo comment imagine that,a fork in the road and it even got a sign that says where it goes..so scary!

guess what you dont even have to look at that fork as you go though life ignore it relax,but the magical part about it even 5 yrs down the road in one instant you can go back and walk on that road if for some reason you wanted or needed to 
qhipby submission Satoshi dumps all his Bitcoins.... Good 
hid2u0a comment 
>There are about a million of Bitcoins making him worth 60B$ at the moment. 

There are not. The one million is just a myth. 
That's just a myth. Here's a reply u/thegreatmuffin [posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/qeomod/if_satoshi_nakamoto_himself_had_secretly_mined/hhud611?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share&amp;context=3) recently:


Not true: https://old.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/ppwf5u/do_you_think_satoshi_has_an_exit_strategy/hd6piyg/  


That's also not true at all. There were multiple people running nodes/mining right from the beginning. Just a few hours ago there was an interview released with the person who (probably) was the 2nd node on the network, just few hours after the first software version was released: https://stephanlivera.com/episode/314/  

The first version of Bitcoin software didn't even start mining until it was connected to at least one other node, so all that "evidence" you speak about is bs (plz no offense, it's a commonly perpetuated myth/misunderstanding). 
hicy5ks comment That would be great actually. A lot of people would be shaken out while a lot of folks would accumulate in panic. 

But I don't think that a dumb that big would be seen at once. As they'd either sell OTC or slowly satoshi by satoshi. 
hicy66i comment It will triger a big sale and and long time ruining bear market. 
hig7k2o comment > There are about a million of Bitcoins making him worth 60B$ at the moment

Stop repeating this myth. It was thoroughly disproved when it was first made up in 2013 
hidx0jv comment Good 
qhiqrj submission What are waiting for? The President buy the dip 
hicycf9 comment Similar content has already been submitted several times. Please check the front page of r/Bitcoin and r/Bitcoin/new for previous submissions to help keep repetition to a minimum. You can also try using the search bar. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
qhiree submission Elon is awesome 😎 
qhitxr submission El Salvador adds nearly $25 mln in bitcoin to state coffers, says president 
higridl comment A country is buying the dip on bitcoin. 

Just take time to think about it. 
hih1kgt comment Nice, El Salvador has a more advanced financial system than New Zealand and if it legalizes cannabis it will also be more progressive. 
hid19gc comment tldr; El Salvador's President Nayib Bukele on Wednesday announced that the Salvadoran government has acquired 420 more bitcoin, worth nearly $25 million at current prices. "It was a long wait, but worth it. We just bought the dip! 420 new bitcoin," he wrote in a post on Twitter. Earlier last month, El Salvador became the first country in the world to adopt bitcoin as legal tender alongside the US dollar.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hieu1dx comment 420? 😎💨🌳

He may be the coolest president of any nation, and smartest * 
hifhy0g comment and we would not be surprised if he legalize cannabis tomorrow. 
hih5gr3 comment Imagine some UN meeting a few years from now when a dip happens and all the dictators whip out their cell phones and smash buy the dip. It will be hilarious to witness. 
hif6w8q comment Should've waited, but good move for the longterm regardless. Buy at key support levels when people are freaking out. We should get pretty close to $52k. He gonna be a legend for world! 
qhix3j submission earn lunr free pills 
qhj2oz submission The new platform is online, and new users who register will receive 389 USDT. 
qhj65c submission https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PXzxoaQHhM&list=UUE8nKHepkr-1TFpAa9LXXsg&index=1 
qhj65u submission Ahoj 
hid1tup comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it doesn't meet the quality standards for /r/Bitcoin at this time. Please help keep the subreddit clean from low quality posts.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
qhj6ac submission 5 years ago I sold everything. Today is the day I'm getting back in. Starting small, but I'm gonna get that 0.1 one day 
hid1tsk comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it doesn't meet the quality standards for /r/Bitcoin at this time. Please help keep the subreddit clean from low quality posts.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
qhjacn submission German national TV tell ppl to dont store cash in the system and go Crypto 
hidiimp comment "hier mitt dem Satoshis!!" 
hidem5v comment These is not national TV... Thats YouTube hmmm maybe even better then german TV. 
hiegse6 comment "Crypto" is part of the system.

Bitcoin fixes this 
hidgnkr comment to the moon lol 
hie5fwy comment actual funny shit 
hig608o comment "Browser Ballet is a German satire format.As an online show, it has been commissioned by public service (independent of state) broadcasting since 2016 and shows sketches, short films, campaigns, games and picture jokes on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Instagram.  The show was invented by author and satirist Schlecky Silberstein, who also acts as host for Browser Ballet." (Wikipedia)

And nope, you can't get foreign subtitles via smartphone / app ☹ But it's worth trying on PC 😁 
hidgret comment Gib mir all deine bitcoin in mein wallet 
hid168y comment This is the way Heuschrecke. 🦗 
hidmvqg comment “Commercial banks use new technology to stop inflation, the FED absolute hates this!”

Introducing the brand new savings account: “the money shredder”! 
hid1n2f comment Mega🤣👍 
qhjc0m submission Earned playing online games 
qhje9i submission What do you think about this rise in Bitcoin? 
hidwiaa comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it doesn't meet the quality standards for /r/Bitcoin at this time. Please help keep the subreddit clean from low quality posts.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hid1i2n comment the goal is 500k by xmas 
hid1krg comment I actually took a $25 loss over the last couple of days with the dip but now I’m slowly recovering from that leverage trading at around 6x - 10x. Hopefully we can reach 70l - 75k in the next couple of weeks and hit 100k by Christmas, that would be nice to hit it on December 25th! 
hid5sio comment Hasn't been this high since yesterday. Much growth 
hid244j comment Not gonna happen this year but maybe next Xmas? 
hid41r6 comment You’re seriously going to leverage? One it’s not in your favor and two it only hurts the price of btc in the short term.  You’re really going to fuck yourself 
hid4inm comment Is this a troll? 
hid2oi1 comment Isn't there suppose to be a large dip (referencing the "4year cycle") 
hid5pkm comment Christmas after the second halving from today would be my guess. 
hid765f comment after seeing the price jump from last year to this year, anything is possible 
qhjmpi submission Just invested $11 usd in bitcoin! Can’t wait to see it turn into thousands and thousands of dollars in 2-10 years! 
hid2oab comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it doesn't meet the quality standards for /r/Bitcoin at this time. Please help keep the subreddit clean from low quality posts.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
qhjrdu submission Risk-free Bitcoin investment for close friends & family members? 
hid68wh comment Sounds like a great idea to me.  I’m from the US and we are out of control with the currency we are creating and like you said the rest of the world is there too.  
Another idea is to maybe just stack BTC for them.  I do that myself for family members with some cryptos and precious metals.  The fiat currency mind control is very hard to break until it’s too late.  Sometimes it’s just easier for me to stack and prepare for family and friends as well. 
hidde64 comment I’ve often thought about buying some BTC as a Christmas present for family members - but buying it 5 years in advance, and then giving them the full value when the time comes. 
hidt198 comment My plan is to set aside a small % of my DCA for the next 4 years (maybe 1-5% or so) and divide it across a handful of addresses for close friends/family I fear might need it. 
higkcbz comment Yeah ,inflation gonna mess up millions of people live.bitcoin is the only way. 
hid4roc comment >when I get seriously worried about the money being printed all over the world and high risk of inflation

Can you be more specific? Where do you live? How much inflation did you experience in the last years? How much money do you think you'll lose due to inflation? 
hidfo3x comment This sounds great, in theory. But also like a good way to lose friends.

I suggest buying each an opendime (or ballet crypto wallet) or just making a letter with a seed phrase and an address. Loading it with £10 or whatever. And then offering them "buy any amount from me and I'll load it on your wallet. If it goes down in value and you want the cash I'll cover it. If it goes up in value then its yours." 
hidg6n8 comment No such thing as a ‘risk free’ investment. 
hidscey comment I did this for my family in 2017. They all sold however because they are weak. 
hiem1ic comment Fixed Deposits is risk free investment but there is nothing as risk free in crypto market. 
hiepgbf comment How about the taxes? If you buy in your name you could get into trouble. 
qhjrup submission Scam? 
hid3bpw comment We have a lot of newcomers entering the Bitcoin space recently who are exploring different exchanges and such. Some users are developing a habit of asking if various random websites some complete stranger PM'd them is a scam or not. Sometimes these sites are completely unrelated to Bitcoin. This is not the purpose of r/Bitcoin.

* Do not trust unsolicited messages telling you to check out some shady website.
* Do not trust Discord randos telling you that you won a prize.
* Do not trust anyone who promises guaranteed profits.
* Do not trust website with unpronounceable domain names
* Do not trust anyone claiming to give away free Bitcoin. (YouTube, Twitter, Discord)
* Do not trust anyone claiming they will double however much Bitcoin you send them.
* Do not trust 'pretty girls' on Tinder telling you about new investment opportunities.
* **If you have to ask** if some sketchy website or special offer is a scam, **then it probably is.**

You have to learn to think for yourselves. Recognize that there are many tricksters out there who will go to great lengths to separate you from your Bitcoin. Use your head and stay safe. If you send your Bitcoin to a scammer, it's gone forever. There are no refunds!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Bitcoin) if you have any questions or concerns.* 
qhjxqa submission Bitcoin is king 
hid51az comment The APEX Predator. 
qhk3xj submission We mined an ASCII art in a special bitcoin transaction. Here is how 👇 
hid82km comment cool,but i wonder which way this will age 
qhk512 submission How long have you been in? 
hidtbqf comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it doesn't meet the quality standards for /r/Bitcoin at this time. Please help keep the subreddit clean from low quality posts.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hid5yt6 comment Nice try IRS 
hid6pxp comment The real question is, how long have I been OUT?

  So there we were, sailing our little sloop into a storm in the middle of an ocean.... 
hid5iqa comment That's what she said. 😭 
hid5z9g comment I first started buying BTC in 2014/2015, when I first started ordering stuff off the darknet. Unfortunately I now only have £25’s worth, lol. 
hidile9 comment .... and substance abuse and porn addictions. 
hidipp9 comment Probably :D 
qhk5e9 submission Good idea to buy using app? 
hidb1mt comment Hardware wallet is best for HODL. 
hidk95l comment Buy on a reputable exchange (NOT blockchain dot com or its apps) and then move it to a cold wallet to hold. 
highf6k comment I understand. Which exchanges are top choices? Could you recommend any? 
hihqfkm comment It depends a bit on what's available in your country. Coinbase and Kraken are often recommended. Good luck! 
qhk6h0 submission I can tell you at least 50% of Bitcoin money is bought for the purpose of online gambling and no one is talking about it. 
hidtnyk comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it doesn't meet the quality standards for /r/Bitcoin at this time. Please help keep the subreddit clean from low quality posts.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hid6qdc comment Translation: I lost 50% of my crypto gambling. 
hid6u7f comment So because you have been gambling using bitcoin you "can tell us for sure" at least 50% of bitcoin is bought for online gambling? Interesting.. 
hid8odt comment 50%?

You seem to not be great with odds. Maybe don't gamble.. 
hid75rq comment I can tell you you're full of shit. 
hid6kho comment So you gamble, and thst means its 50%? 
hid6evc comment 50% is waaaaaaaaaay more than the actual number.  I'm thinking your decimal is a few places off. 
hid7fov comment Shocked! I’m shocked to find that gambling is going on here! 

Your winnings sir… 
hid7vpr comment Show me the proof. Don't make a claim as fact then not post a link to a reputable source. 

Also, stop gambling. I think you have a problem. 
hid5tg7 comment Show the math please. I would actually like to know the stats. 
qhk700 submission My first Bitcoin wallet 
hid65ly comment Hardware. Ledger, Trezor, BitBox etc 
hididj9 comment Bluewallet to start is great 
higtteu comment Muun. The best for beginner. 
hidawil comment I would suggest trust wallet app.  Be more familar and you can use hardware wallets like trezor 
hid68jp comment Thank You 
hidq5mi comment This is stupid for beginners. Beginners don’t need a hardware wallet why would you even recommend him to waste his money on a device when he has little to no btc and should grow his stack with it? Wildart- download bluewallet and send some sats to it. Delete it. Restore it. Play with coin control and send UTXOs to yourself for practice. Get really comfortable with hot wallets on your phone before wasting any money on a hardware device and then when you do have enough btc and knowledge with wallets buy a cold card or just make your own seed signer 
qhkbjh submission Who else think crypto payments will disrupt the porn industry? 
hidtbut comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it pertains primarily to altcoin discussion and/or promotion. Altcoins are off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit. Please post in the subreddit appropriate to that altcoin instead. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hid6z5a comment [deleted] 
hidohms comment Preface: not a trader just a person that focused on bypassing financial censorship in this space. 

It's been tried, but to be honest unless you are looking for specific kink stuff the Market is flooded with endless supply of free porn. After the Pornhub purging and OnlyFans tried their BS of to kick off Adult content there was some possible momentum and you'd think alts like CUM would have taken off. 

But, sadly it's just not likely because the the demand is marginal at best. 

This reminds me how diametrically opposed sex workers are in real life to that in the digital World, wherein the ladies from Backpage learned to use it rather quickly [0] (with the help of the community) in order to operate when Visa/MC shut them down (the irony of MC coming out recently is not lost on me) but cam girls/online who you'd think would be more tech savvy sex workers would rather continue to use centralized platforms that essentially act as middle men and rent seekers for something they could host on their own Mega server and a basic foursquare page if they had the followings. 

As a person who mainly focused on financial censorship in this it's not lost on me that sex work was always the canary in coal mine and sadly I don't see how an alt solely built for this purpose [1] this inspires any confidence that crypto will do anything revolutionary for them: 

0: https://bravenewcoin.com/insights/backpage-goes-bitcoin-only

1: https://www.livecoinwatch.com/price/CUMROCKETCRYPTO-CUMMIES 
hid6hsa comment wrong sub buddy. 
hidhvqs comment Use your Bitcoin on therapy and not porn. 
hidhial comment Yes let me put all my porn subscriptions on a public ledger 🤔 
hidp7c1 comment I agree that there is free porn out there. But there is no free porn NFT, no free private content, no free DMs interractions with models... That's why OnlyFans is doing great nowadays. 
hid6jbv comment Where am I supposed to post this? 
hidoxnj comment hahaah 
hid6zxz comment cryptocurrency sub is more suitable 
