q28x2w submission I've decided to hold bitcoins for a bit but when would be a good time to sell? 
hfjm9dh comment Pay off your debts. Live free. Then hold as long as you want, no one has answers for you. 
hfjmfdx comment When it becomes useable currency everywhere there will be no need to sell. You’ll be able to either convert and pay or just pay with it. 
hfjp5bt comment Never sell 
hfjpkgw comment I don’t think there is a good time to sell for a long time. Traders lose money most of the time and Gamblers keep gambling until they are broke.  Do some research and make a plan.  First thing is to get your finances under control. 
hfjn9i2 comment You missed the time to sell, that was the other day. Now you must hodl forever. 
hfkg12a comment I think the ATH is considered a good time to sell. 
hfk41zt comment Its better to mine your Bitcoin than to hold. 
hfkj6f1 comment Of course we would tell you to try to hold as long as possible, especially through harder times. 

That said, if you feel like you’d really benefit from withdrawing a little, then do it. Living free is just as important now as it’s gonna be in 2040. 
hfl9215 comment Never sell, or sell when you feel it's worth it to you. 
hfjlwlh comment short term investors often get rekt in bitcoin. you're playing with fire. if you sell at a loss because you can't wait any longer, then it's 100% your fault, not bitcoin's. 
q291hq submission Bitcoin value, should I wait to buy? 
hfjn257 comment No one knows. 
hfjqpy1 comment Just buy a little every week. It’ll likely average out. Or ape in like I did and wait six months to get back to even. I recommend either 
hfjqywz comment I think I’d wait until it’s at least $100k. 
hfjorbs comment You should have bought yesterday 
hfjos12 comment [deleted] 
hfjouhg comment It will go down on the full moon of this month. 
hfjpknd comment Buy the ticket, take the ride. Don’t wait too long, once ETF’s are released who knows the ceiling 
hfkdkqc comment A large part of the pump from 40k to 51k was the Fed saying they had no intention of banning crypto (not that they could). This while simultaneously delaying a vote on the 3.5 TRILLION dollar infrastructure bill which contains language that is not crypto friendly. The new vote is scheduled for Oct. 31. When the bill passes the crypto market will dip again. 

Another factor to consider is the SEC pushing back approval on several BTC futures ETFs some 45 days into mid November. When they approve them, the market will pump. 

There could be a sweet spot in the first week(s) of November, after the infrastructure vote and before the  ETF futures announcement. 

Note: There is a possibility an SEC approval could come before the 45 day extension runs out and before the infrastructure vote. 

DYOR 
hfjo84b comment why it fluctuates? because it's a free market. nobody knows the future of markets.  what we do know is that your dollars will lose purchasing power over time, as the last 100 years of compulsive and endless money printing and malignant growth govt has perpetrated on us.    

bitcoin's price isn't high. and if you start asking for people to help you predict short term moves, you'll find plenty of people fully convinced they can.  and you're also doomed to blow a ton of your savings figuring out that you should have just bought and held. but maybe after years of hard work and lots of losses, you'll figure out a trading approach that allows you to have an edge over the buy-and-hold strategy. most likely though you won't.     

but you shouldn't buy bitcoin is with the level of conviction you appear to have. if you want to know "what to expect", just look at the price history. look at the peaks, and then how low it went afterward.  and when you think you can hold on for a ride like that, then you're ready.   

my suggestion is you really try to understand why bitcoin is here to stay. and until you can convince yourself of that without deluding yourself, you should stay far away. 
hfjq8fh comment When the price drops low, you won't want to buy as much as you think you will. 
q294yg submission Want to know how to support the Bitcoin blockchain? Mine on it. 
hfjp06p comment tldr; Bitcoin mining is the process of performing a complex mathematical calculation over and over again in order to find a specific number that has been randomly generated by the algorithm on which Bitcoin’s blockchain is built. Bitcoin in its true form cannot exist without mining because Bitcoin cannot exist outside of its blockchain…which requires mining to operate. Bitcoin mining is more productive because it provides for Bitcoin's continued existence.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hfl90y1 comment Word 
q298b8 submission Crypto Trading Music 
hfyr6s6 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it is considered off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hfm0m4q comment Cringe 
q299zx submission mnemonic word seed. 
hfjp4is comment Strongly suggest against getting rid of the physical version. Consider at the very least if you want to pass on the bitcoin, you want to setup a contingency for that. 
hfjswrg comment Lmaoo the fuck man. You gonna remember your 24 random words 6 months from now? 1 year… 3 years? 
hfk9fuo comment I have 32 in the dome. No issues. 
hfjtd2x comment Way to go OP.  Put your paper backup in your bomb shelter, and key the "working copy" in your head. 
hfjpf9f comment [deleted] 
hfjyagm comment I still remember a generated 12 character password from years ago 
hfkwyit comment It’s honestly not that hard to remember 24 words. I memorized my seed in 12 pairs. Took 15 minutes - and it has been more than a year. I am not a retard so I still have a physical print hidden. 
hfjqgix comment But if you get hit by a car and suffer TBI and can't remember but really need the money for a good nursing home that doesn't smell like pee? 
hfjyfik comment 12 character < 24 words 
hfjyj6q comment Remembering 12 letters a year later isnt in the same realm as remembering 24 words after 3 years, Dick 
q29bbf submission Trezor T or Ledger Nano X 
hfjtu1i comment Kinda like asking "what car is best".  Everyone loves the car they love.  But in answer to your question, here are three wallets with three problems.

1. Ledger, not 100% open source.
2. Coldcard, does not implement deterministic (reproducible) builds.
3. Trezor, does not use a secure element.

Of those three, you have to decide which "fault" is a deal breaker for you.  I like open source with deterministic builds, so I choose Trezor.  But that was just my choice.  Coldcard could easily add deterministic builds, but until they do, I won't recommend.  Same with Ledger, which can't until they publish source. 
hfk92ps comment The Ledger Nano X have a major recall issue right now with a faulty battery and continue to ship them out. So steer clear of them 
hfk4fpj comment I recommend ledger, they have a very cohesive app to go with the device and it’s a discrete usb type device vs the the others which are huge and attention drawing 
hfl1d4x comment Then you might like the [BitBox02](https://shiftcrypto.ch/).

[Open source](https://github.com/digitalbitbox/bitbox02-firmware/) with [reproducible builds](https://github.com/digitalbitbox/bitbox02-firmware/tree/master/releases#reproducible-builds), including [community assertions](https://github.com/digitalbitbox/bitbox02-firmware/tree/master/releases#contributing-your-signature) of the builds.

Usage of a secure chip to increase security without putting trust into the chip:

https://shiftcrypto.ch/blog/best-of-both-worlds-using-a-secure-chip-with-open-source-firmware/

Disclaimer: I work for Shift. 
hfkit0o comment I was just about to say this. Plus the interface of the Trezor is better. I have both of these wallets. 
q29eqb submission If you are paying with “real” money you better bring exact change and predict how much your meal will cost. 
q29hvx submission Scammed for 0.35 btc 
hfjqcqq comment sorry it’s gone.

don’t believe anyone saying they can help you that’s also a scam. 
hfjqig7 comment I wish I even had .35 btc. Sorry for your loss. 
hfjqsvu comment I will give you 3 btc, I just need you to send me 1 first 
hfjqcsu comment no. an address will do nothing for you except allow you to watch helplessly while it freely moves to other addresses.   

how did you get scammed? at least you can educate others about how to avoid it. 
hfjr0ro comment Paying for a service to track bitcoin that is no longer yours? 
hfjya68 comment Why would you give your coin away? 
hfk0xw0 comment Were you scammed or stupid? A little more detail might help. 
hfkhxhl comment Bitcoin is like cash currency. You could track it by serial number, but nobody cares about the serial number on a cash bill

> any services I can use to track it?

No real services. There are dozens of scammers who will tell you they can recover your lost coins. You pay them. You lose even more bitcoin 
hfkp0yb comment lol idiot 
hfjz3vs comment I got you. Its a super secret method. Check my pm. 
q29jdl submission The IMF playbook, per, the IMF 
hfjqiq6 comment Promise this is a better read than any thread in this forum the last 30 days.

Update:  My promise means nothing. 
hfjrzv4 comment Looked through it quickly.

Important parts are missing. And they obviously get some things wrong.

Nevertheless. Thanks for sharing. It shows we are still much ahead and they don't get the core principles of bitcoin. 
hfjqtdr comment your promise is worth literally nothing.  this is a bitcoin sub. can you at least pretend you realize that when you write a post? 
hfjutws comment Exactly.  A measuring stick of normal monetary thought.  **“34. The most critical challenge is the data collection for crypto assets transactions and positions.”**

Kind of like “organizing the worlds (internet) data” right?

Point # thirty fucking four in an IMF report titled “Treatment of Crypto Assets in Macroeconomic Statistics”.  Written by finances’s brightest statisticians, globally.

Bitcoin, like the internet, is a protocol. 
hfjr2nn comment Good point, you read it? 
q29mq5 submission MicroStrategy confirm that buying/ holding bitcoin is now their primary corporate business strategy in a letter to the FASB, with growing their analytics software second. 
hfkltsz comment Macro Strategy = Buying/Holding BTC


Micro Strategy = Growing analytics software 
hfjs28v comment the percentage of their balance sheet "confirms" that for them 
hfk4uzd comment bitcoin is on their navigation bar lol https://www.microstrategy.com 
hfk81n3 comment Can’t wait for Q4 announcements that other public companies also have added BTC to their treasury. 
hfkhp9n comment So, can I get hired here and just chill? 
hfm5ajq comment This makes 100% sense for a company like MSTR. For traditional investment accounts MSTR is a must.

For regular folks, actually selling assets and mortgaging property to buy Bitcoin... Honestly, I think it would probably work out in your favor, but a 3 year crypto-winter again however unlikely is possible and could liquidate and bankrupt folks. At least in the short term. Theoretically you still have your BTC and can recoup after the winter, but that's a slow play with a lot of delayed gratification and serious hodl hands.

If you can invest someone else's money in Bitcoin though, with no personal risk (what MSTR is able to do), it's a no brainer.

We are witnessing the crypto-revolution and it is the beginning of a new era, just like the industrial revolution. We may have a WWIII over it particularly since that other world power is going full throttle on trying to suppress the crypto-revolution. But this is hyperbitcoinization, we're in the early stages but it HAS begun and it won't be stopped. 
hfjtbvr comment Sweet. But nevertheless I wouldn't care if they sold their position. I'd keep stacking and stack even more. Bitcoin being redistributed big style from time to time is actually a very healthy thing.

Even the fattest whales deserve to get slaughterd now and then. Sharks are already around the corner... 
hfkh2mb comment Time to change the company name to "The Bitcoin Hoard" 
hfjzoea comment All hail Michael Saylor 🙌 
hfkctq6 comment Saylor knows😎😎 
q29odx submission Now you can get Bitcoins right in your browser! Believe it or not, you' re just 1 click away from unique, online stream of income. Go through this link https://cryptotabbrowser.com/7967492?s=rd&f=ios - and get your money! 
q29qdi submission KYC "Know Your Customer" 
q29sw1 submission US: Best way to cash out to bank 
hfjtfla comment I recommend opening an account and transferring to a federal credit union. Zero hassles. 
hfjsxq1 comment the top exchanges in the USA and the only ones i recommend are Coinbase Pro, Kraken, Gemini, and Paxos.  Fees are all competitive.  

If his bank has a problem with it, he should get a new bank. There's nothing he can do to prevent them from being suspicious if that's how they want to be. New bank accounts are very easy to open.  So if he considers it a risk to lose his current account, then maybe he should just get a new account for this transaction. 
hfjvyum comment I’ve transferred low six figures from blockfi to chase and had zero issues. I also carry a decent chunk through multiple accounts with the bank so not sure if that helped or not. 
hfkmdhv comment Ally bank is not crypto friendly, at least that's what their auditor told me when I tried to open an account with them.  He said that crypto is too risky. His words, not mine. I was of course opening a business account and fully disclosing my intended use. I would think twice about them. 
hfjucu4 comment I second this option... 
hfjuo2x comment Is a federal credit union different from a bank like Chase or Bank of America? 
hfjticx comment I would not expect him to have a problem transferring from CB to Chase 
hfjw25d comment That’s great to know. Thanks! 
hfjw5fz comment Did you wire it? How were the fees? 
hfl79i1 comment Interesting. When I was researching Ally Bank it seemed crypto friendly online. Maybe it was the auditor's opinion? 
q29wup submission Sparrow Wallet and Trezor One 
hfk1ag3 comment SparrowWallet's dev is very active on the Telegram room.

You need to have the right derivation path for native segwit with any HD wallet (Sparrow, Electrum, Specter) 
hfnzogw comment I'd try connecting your Trezor to Bitcoin-Core using HWI.  That may give you and "ahh-ha" moment.  Sparrow looks to be a (much needed) skin on top of Bitcoin-Core and HWI. 
hfl3d3j comment Thanks. I've asked a couple time in Telegram but no response. Will keep trying, but will also stick with Electrum or Trezor Suite for now. 
q29wzb submission CardaLordz 
q29xwh submission I, an 18 year old, am I whole coiner... 
hfjtn61 comment Rule \#1 of the 21 million club:

*Never expose your holdings to anyone.*

Nevertheless. Congrats. 
hfkkhyi comment People hating on you here because they are jealous. Good for you man. I wish I had your mindset at your age.

Keep it up. Your future is bright. 
hfjvlg5 comment Braggadocious, hold tight young padawan, this is a long journey. 
hfjyql0 comment Congratulations and I can help you double it! 

Check my PM.

I kiiiiiidd I kiiiiiiid 
hfk7ly8 comment What kind of 18 year old kid have $50k lying around to buy a bitcoin? I don’t buy it for a second… If your parents were that well off, then you wouldn’t even bother worrying about lambos for the next 40 years, or if you worked and saved $50k, what kind of a job would a teen have to save $50k with school and all? It’s hard for a an adult with full time job to save $50k. None of it makes any sense. 
hfjtldc comment Well done 
hfk72h3 comment You'll be a rich 58 year old.

Can you make it though?

The hardest part is the waiting, not acquiring it.

You haven't even lived half of that time. 
hfjzpc5 comment Did you earn the cash to buy it or was the cash basically gifted to you through a bar mitzvah, etc.? No wrong answer. Interesting you own a coin at your age. 
hfks05g comment I, an 18 year old, am i a whole bragger...


To be honest, good for you and yes i wish i had 1 coin. But please, leave the cocky attitude on you're ledger. 
hfjz9qh comment Hey dad! It’s me your son! 
q2a1zz submission Master technical analysis 
q2a6up submission Know You Customer (KYC) Growth 
hfk01ja comment the "growth" of kyc is the malignant growth of the encroaching totalitarian state. it must be stopped, and bitcoin means to stop it.  or you can pretend all these companies bowing to govenment's violent threats is some kind of sign of maturation. no it's submission to tyranny.  and as bitcoin's economy grows, and acceptance grows, then even the laziest slave won't need their fiat on and off ramps to use bitcoin free from police state surveillance. that's when i'm proven right, and all these capitulating bootlickers are proven the impotent cowards they are. 
hfjvzk8 comment Its a necessary shift towards corporate adoption. It weakens the whole 'Crypto is linked with terrorism' argument.

Medium to long term, super bullish. As long as BTC doesn't become the Myspace of the banking system. But at that point, something else would take its place. 
hfjw0vc comment KYC is from the Ministry of Fiat. It has nothing to do with Bitcoin.

Why do we even talk about it here? 
hfjyiyt comment There are regulations and laws that exchanges must follow. This has nothing to do with the Bitcoin protocol. 
hfjzg75 comment it "weakens" no such thing. kyc has never stopped a terrorist. and it was never meant to. 
hfjwqkk comment [deleted] 
hfjxbu8 comment No it doesn’t 
hfjxlj1 comment [deleted] 
hfk269z comment Hello PooFinger! Do we have your attention?

Bitcoin is not regulated by anyone or anything other than the openly-published Bitcoin algorithm.

Whatever Bitcoin is touted as is the responsibility of the touts.

KYC is totally with in the realm of the Fiatmeisters. Bitcoin has no mechanism for requiring your private information.

And thanks for voting me down, jerk. 
hfjxnxc comment Nope. I don’t do kyc. 
q2aag2 submission #Bitcoin 
hfl0rkh comment Your submission has been flagged for removal due to high submission volume and repetitive themes. r/Bitcoin is not a shoutbox. Please [join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/zJRCnp5nBb) or post in our [Daily Discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/q2dj3h/daily_discussion_october_06_2021/) instead. Thank you!

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hfjxtxv comment Back to low $40s. 
hfk1txa comment 1000000000000 obv 
hfk6zne comment Probably around 1 ₿ 
hfk18xt comment Waiting for this👆🏻😏 
q2aage submission Moment of truth for $BTC. At resistance now. The only thing missing here is volume. Decreasing volume during an uptrend like this isn’t a great look, but that can change. We’ll see. Needs to get above the April trend line near $51,000 to open up $53,000. 
q2aelv submission With #Bitcoin rallying today, is now the time to get bullish on $BTC? 
q2afmw submission BItcoin investment 
hfjxibd comment Holy shit finally a one stop shop to get rich quick! 
hfjxmfg comment I could smell the scam miles away, but also a brand new account, this is obviously a scam.

This is RuneScape level "double your gold" scam. Enjoy the ban. 
hfjxofo comment Wow.  FUCK YOU 
q2alnm submission Bitcoin 2.0 
hfk020q comment Tens of thousands have already tried, and have failed. 
hfjzd6i comment 1. bitcoin will adopt the properties of the "better" coin if the new feature proves to be beneficial to bitcoin 
2. it's been 10 years, look at the top 5 coins since 2011. notice how bitcoin has stayed #1 and has grown stronger by market cap, node count and adoption? notice how the other 5 coins are not there anymore? 
hfjzoyr comment Bitcoin is not just code, it is a phenomenon. There are hundreds of altcoins claiming superior than bitcoin but they will all fail. 
hfjyypb comment Not possible. 
hfk6ga0 comment Bitcoin is the 0 to 1 invention.

Think of it as the invention of e-mail.

Sure, there are other ways of communicating digitally, but e-mail will be around forever. 
hfk0saq comment 1. then bitcoin steals the innovation. 

2. bitcoin is done already. it's possible, but very unlikely.  

that said, markets are just people. and people do all sorts of stupid shit. so maybe a slick salesman comes a long and steals market share. but bitcoin's actual innovation is very basically a public ledger and a finite supplied token. you might be able to tweak it, but you'll have to do better than a tweak to get everyone to give up on bitcoin. 
hfkbrnl comment Best book I've read to answer a lot of questions

 Bitcoin: Hard Money You Can't F*ck With: Why bitcoin will be the next global reserve currency https://www.amazon.ca/dp/B08PKYQDGC/ref=cm_sw_r_apan_glt_0TBPW34FYP1DHH4A5WGQ 
hfkoh86 comment 1) people have been trying for a decade. They mostly start by failing to understand why Bitcoin works (and how many failed attempts preceded Bitcoin that didn’t work)

2) the more you understand about Bitcoin, the more you’ll realize that it’s not possible, that it’s irreplicable 
hfkfb4k comment Any “better Bitcoin” cannot exist because if it had any actually better features than Bitcoin will just copy it. 
hfl2psg comment You aren’t going to be satisfied with a 5 minute answer.   You’re gonna have to bite the bullet and spend a hundred hours or more learning for yourself. 
q2am9o submission Bitcoin Whale Addresses Accumulated 70k BTC 10 Days Ago, Price Has Jumped 19% Since 
hfkcs8s comment haha commentary about the blockchain is becoming like the next sports talk/weather report/poker stars. 
hfkui4n comment I read tiktokers have been copying pelosis trades in hopes of making a similar 69% return. How can we copy the behavior of these guys successfully? Im sure it would be profitable. 
hfk0yln comment 3 Billion 
hfk2v9v comment Just a little nest egg I'm setting aside for later. 
hfl8yly comment That is a ton of BTC 
q2aq90 submission Finance Question 
hfjzsgz comment This is a idiotic post never spend money you don’t have or can’t afford to lose on any investment 
hfjznvz comment Pass that around to everyone we all want to get high 😎 
hfk0afe comment I wish I was thinking like this when I was 13….. 
hfjzxd8 comment This only works if you believe bitcoin will continue to climb and if thats the case, why worry my friend. Climb in this rocket with us 🚀  🚀 🚀 
hfjzva4 comment You had me tripping dude. Please go to bed. 
hfk0b1t comment Carlo Pietro Giovanni Guglielmo Tebaldo Ponzi had the same great idea. It made him famous! 
hfk0gr1 comment this isn't a fucking finance question. this is a question about predicting markets. michael saylor isn't selling bitcoin. he's buying. you are selling. that's the difference. and that's why you will probably lose. 
hfk0gvj comment U guys laugh but people do it 
hfk0ync comment The point is how can I get more bitcoins with the ones I already have 
hfk14gc comment This can't go tits up. Guaranteed profit. 
q2aw6s submission Why does everyone think Bitcoin is so volatile? Just do this. 
hfk2fup comment Never realized BTC was a stablecoin until now 
hfk15as comment The IQ level of OP is uncanny 
hfk29uj comment Fucking genius. 
hfk28sc comment *“When in doubt, zoom out”*

-Confucius 
hfk6x9u comment It’s like sideways trading guy! 
hfk92y3 comment Completely flat. Has never even hit a single billion dollars per coin. Pathetic. 
hfk7b4a comment Bitcoin to the horizon!!! 
hfk8u9g comment Wait a sec... Is that... A.. STABLE COIN!? 😳 
hfkff1n comment Harvard just asked me if you wanted a scholarship 
hfk8qce comment Technically correct 
q2ax85 submission What do you think? Welcome to say a different opinion. 
hfkxe84 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it pertains to general trading or market discussion, whereas r/Bitcoin tries to be less price oriented. Please visit r/BitcoinMarkets. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hfk22s8 comment I believe we will flirt with, if not achieve, a new ATH this month. 
hfk27s8 comment you "estimate"? based on what? have you talked to every potential investor in the world and asked them what the plan to buy or sell? and then have you "estimated" how many of them will change their mind or have lied to you about their intentions? 
hfkbwvs comment The most important thing is to take care of Musk’s mouth. The rise or fall depends on what Musk says. 
hfk3e1y comment I dunno, I think if you sell at 55k its just going to 70k right after 
hfkd7t8 comment We need to break ATH. 
hfk406f comment I am basing this market on the fact that I think it will continue to go up as to mainland China banning bitcoin and cryptocurrencies, and then down. The back side still hasn't stopped it from going up. 
hfk44x2 comment It's not necessarily true, it depends on how far it can appreciate, and I will continue to hold it anyway. 
hfk7oyp comment What about the frontside vs backside dilemma? Mainland China yes but what about offshore China? The markets respond to backsides AND front sides! Not every mainland consideration INCLUDES the offshore considerations? Have you considered ANY of this? 
hfk4aso comment Dammit if you dont sell it wont go to 70k! 
q2b2ja submission NZ's first bitcoin-only investment fund launched | Stuff.co.nz 
hfk372g comment >  Sims​, like Ungaro​ said bitcoin was here to stay, and the biggest risk to investors was losing their wallet.
> 
> She likened holding on to bitcoin​ in a physical wallet to ‘hiding money under your mattress’.

lol

I guess some people will want to pay extra to have less financial freedom 
hfkj462 comment NZ.  Lol.
Afghanistan of 2021.  No thanks 
hfkqqfu comment Huh 
hfkr2hg comment Read it again 
hfkscl4 comment Explain your reasoning 
q2ba0m submission Invoice clients in BTC value? 
hfk5gb6 comment If it’s mutually agreed upon in an executed contract. 
hfk4w5h comment Of course 
hfk5bp1 comment You can invoice for Momopoly Money if you want. What makes you think they will pay faster in Bitcoin? It can also swing against you as well. 
hfkf609 comment Sell the debts to a debt collector. Buy Bitcoin  
Your clients will be begging to pay Bitcoin, on time 
hfk5vfe comment Legal tender laws, probably not. But what if you only did business thru your El Salvador subsidiary... 
hfl8xq8 comment Yes if contractually agreed upon and willingly paid in BTC, otherwise you have to bill in the legal tender (USD for example). Good luck. 
hflc12h comment You can invoice in any denomination you like, but if it goes to a court case or arbitration it will be settled in USD. 
hfkca3k comment Now this is the real answer. If only. 
hfkce3p comment Really. I've googled and can't find anything. Can I really invoice in anything I want? I just must accept USD value? 
hfkgera comment > What makes you think they will pay faster in Bitcoin?

His logic is that $1000 USD paid late in a Bitcoin bull market is a lost opportunity to invest $1000 in Bitcoin before the price increases  

If the client pays $1000 on time (last week), he could have bought 0.024 BTC. If the client pays $1000 today, he can only buy 0.02 BTC. If he can bill the client 0.024 BTC, then the late payment doesn't matter  

Or, the client has the incentive to pay on time to avoid spending $1224 to buy 0.024 BTC  

Of course, this fails when the price falls. A client might delay paying even longer if the price is falling 
q2bo7l submission Don't talk to me unless you have more than 100% of your portfolio in bitcoin 
hfk6ony comment Before anyone says anything, yes I'm moving it to a hardware wallet soon. It's not a lot of coin tho so I'm not super concerned 
q2bu3c submission Bitcoin Back Above $50,000 as BofA Says ‘Too Large to Ignore’ 
hfkbh9h comment Cant ignore....BOFA DEEZ NUTZ. 
hfkczyh comment Well, when it was $1000 it has been already too large to ignore. 
hfkh797 comment BoA offering crypto services to their clients all but confirmed(takes another massive hit of hopium)! 
hfq7znx comment 📈going up. 😎😎😎 HHH
It will reach to $55,000~$56,000. 
hfl07lr comment Feeling their empire about to crumble lol. 
hfkwiwp comment See that's the difference: Banks like BofA are "too big to fail" which is like coercion in a flawed economic system and Bitcoin is now "too large to ignore", completely voluntarily and without bailouts. 
hfn9q6g comment Wasn’t BofA attacking Bitcoin back at the 63K day and crash after? 
hfqk3bb comment BofA is totally in control here. They must be the ones who moved the market. I believe you that they’re not completely shitting they’re pants trying to make a decision on what to do. 
hfl6t3h comment GOTTEM 
hflqhrg comment My grandchildren will speak of how much a dumbass I was for not buying BTC early 2020. 
q2by2b submission Bitcoin is the best performing asset in the past year (+49.1%) while gold is the second worse (-7.9%). 
hfkuhjs comment Time to buy some gold 
hflv172 comment El Salvador are laughing ❤️ 
hfllwgu comment Can someone do a welfare check on Peter Schiff? 
hflvyxi comment It's kind of weird though.  All the shops around me were sold out of silver, yet the price is still falling.  Any one smarter then me know why? 
hfm6824 comment there are plenty of assets that did worse than 8% loss in a year 
hfkyiss comment No it's not.. check about 150 other cryptos. 
hfle8r0 comment HEX FTW 
hfnaz8c comment Because now when market drops the institutions, smarts and tech competent move to Bitcoin. Used to be, the institutions would move to Tbills and gold when market crashed but Tbills are to low in interest rates now and Bitcoin is outperforming gold.

Watch next Bitcoin crash, gold will jump in price.. 
hfodcyq comment Gold and specially silver have been pretty stagnant this past decade. One theory I have is that boomers are dying and their massive hoards of bullion are being put up for auction, which in turn keeps the price low. There aren't enough boomers buying bullion for the price to climb. Not many millennials buy bullion and they don't have  the purchasing power that boomers do. Most zoomers know about BTC but silver? "I think my grandpa has some of that, he showed me some bars and coins one time. He said something like: look here sonny, this is what real money looks like" 
hfl91x9 comment This sub has hate boner for gold 
q2by9d submission HBIT 100 Millions AirDrop 
q2bzwo submission AMC Theaters now accept Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies - TheDailySats 
q2c3o2 submission BTC Mining Farm - Build tips 
hfken5y comment See the mining forum at bitcointalk.org 
hfl8vgg comment They just terminated the contract out of nowhere? You're probably better off then. Find another hosting company or consult pros if you're trying to build your own farm. Good luck. 
hfkf8a9 comment Thanks! 
hflqc5v comment Yeah, classic rug pull.  Thanks for the positivity and advice. 
q2c4gq submission Устанавливай CryptoTab Браузер и начинай получать деньги просто за то, что пользуешься браузером. 
q2c645 submission Don't be fooled into buying a Sh*tcoin. Here's some sage advice 
hfkkjr6 comment Man Raoul Pal is taking some hits from that interview between him and Saylor. Still need to watch it. 
hfonytt comment Rug Pull is a trader. He would trade fistfuls of shit if the chart said it was going up. 
hfonzd0 comment Rug Pull is a degenerate trader. He would trade fistfuls of shit if the chart said it was going up. 
hflpiy6 comment same trying to find the free version 
q2c6ni submission Help!!! 
hfkab77 comment She gone! 
hfkb7qr comment this is a bitcoin sub 
hfkemum comment I had the opposite problem i.e. sent bep-20 from Binance to CryptoCom..well I called for crypto com support service and they told me it was possible to recover 10 AXS (~1000$) for JUST 100$..I PAYED and still nothing after 10 days..be careful when deposit!! Your is the responsibility, this is Blockchain dudes ^^ 
hfkie8r comment Wrong sub mate 
q2c6zh submission What wallet is free and has the lowest fees 
hfkbr5t comment Here are a few good ones:

https://bitcoin-only.com/wallets 
hfkc97a comment Bitcoin(.)com is a Bcash (aka Bitcoin Cash) scam site. It sells Bcash as Bitcoin. 
hfkb2q8 comment all wallets are free and are using the same bitcoin network, so have the same fees.  

if your wallet charges extra fees, then you are using a custodial "wallet service", which is not a personal wallet.  

choose any open source non custodial wallet, and you can decide the fee you want to pay.  

bitcoin.com is basically a scam site.  stay away.  

more about wallets:  

https://www.lopp.net/bitcoin-information/recommended-wallets.html 
hfkejfm comment Electrum is free. Set your own fees

> Bitcoin.com

A cryptocurrency exchange account is not a wallet 
hfkpkis comment Electrum is free. 
hfl65pg comment Bitcoin.com… that’s not bitcoin. Bcash isn’t Bitcoin beware. 
hfmk3u4 comment Website is not a wallet. 
hfnyw96 comment r/Electrum.  Fees are as low as you choose to set them. 
hfkmby3 comment Use interest earning Wallet 
hflnhq0 comment ^ this 
q2cjqm submission This is what adoption looks like! (Lawrenceville, GA - suburb of Atlanta) 
q2cjv8 submission Is this an effective strategy to researching bitcoin? 
hfkexot comment basically yes. but "looking at all the arguments. and counter arguments" is a pretty broad phrase when you claim your intention is "researching bitcoin".  what precisely are you trying to prove or disprove?  start with a thesis. don't start with "all the arguments". 
hfl15z2 comment Hard to find stuff that isn’t biased, but if you aggregate the knowledge you can weed out the misinformation and get a good understanding.  Here’s my favorite resources.  (You’ll find there isn’t much in the way of Well thought out against arguments.   People generally switch sides after gaining knowledge) 

Given your post I may recommend Investors Podcast before Bitcoin Audible.  Not sure.  BA has excellent stuff but the former nails the economics. 

Podcasts: . 

Bitcoin Audible(I’d start here)-Reads the best papers and articles etc in the space and unpacks them.  (Start with Gradually then Suddenly, The Bullish case for Bitcoin, and maybe some Gladstein articles) Beginner to advanced. Hardcore Bitcoiner. Because most good articles are read here, I won’t bother listing the best papers in this post, just check out his episode list if you want to read rather than listen. 

The Investor’s Podcast-advanced bitcoin macroeconomics, and traditional investing. 

Swan Signal-More great intermediate and advanced Bitcoin knowledge. Hardcore Bitcoiners. 

What Bitcoin Did-A Beginner/Intermediate guide.  Foul language warning.

Lets Talk Bitcoin-How Bitcoin can help freedom, and help underserved and unbanked

Tales From The Crypt- Hardcore Bitcoiners and miners with current events.

Top guests to listen to in the podcasts(there are probably many others but these are the ones that stand out imo):  Bitcoin and Macro: Michael Saylor,  Luke Gromen, Lyn Alden, Nic Carter, Alex Gladstein, Jeff Booth, Preston Pysh, Dan Held, Greg Foss, Nik Bahtia, Andrew Quittem, Parker Lewis, Raoul Pal, Vijay Boyapati, Gigi, Andy Edstrom   Chain Analysis: Willy Woo, William Clemente(kraken and glassnode also have a chain analysis newsletter)   Tech gurus: Andreas Antonopolous, Jameson Lopp, Adam Back, Nick Szabo, Shinobi, Jack Mallers, Matt Odell/MartyBent, Andrew Poelstra, Andreas Antonopolous especially.

Books: The Bitcoin Standard(great intro book), Layered Money, The Internet of Money(great intro book), Debt the First 5000 Years, Inventing Bitcoin, 21 lessons What Ive learned from Bitcoin, The price of Tomorrow, The Bullish Case For Bitcoin(great intro book) and The Blocksize Wars were good.

Resource pages: https://www.lopp.net/bitcoin-information.html and https://www.lopp.net/lightning-information.html

Publications: Bitcoin Magazine 

This isn’t an exhaustive list, just the best ones I have honed in on so far. Several runners up Podcasts if you want more; Pomp, Real Vision, Stephan Livera Podcast, Bitcoin Magazine Podcast, Bitcoin made Simple, Bitcoin Matrix, What is Money, Bitcoin Knowledge, Citizen Bitcoin, Bitcoin Sessions, On the Brink, and Bitcoin Standard Podcast. 
hfkefj6 comment > I understand what bitcoin is about

If this is true, you can tell us. But you're scared of being wrong and being corrected. Not much science to see here 
hfkegki comment The more you learn about Bitcoin, the more you'll learn about how the financial world works.

[The Bitcoin Standard](https://saifedean.com/thebitcoinstandard) is a good introduction. 
hfkoby4 comment This is the best way to understand something. 

If you can make the critics arguments better than they can, then you understand the thing inside and out. 
hfl01bh comment It's a good tactic, but you have to not only read about arguments/counterarguments, but think them thrice before deciding.

Because you'll find plenty of anti-bitcoin "arguments" which are nothing more than random fancy words that sound good but mean nothing.

Actually, I would recommend following Andreas Antonopoulos (he has great videos and books, both technical and sociological). 
q2cklk submission I have lost all faith in bitcoin and crypto. 
hfke398 comment > despite how popular crypto appears to be, no one is using it, no one is interested in it, and no one even understands it

Very few, not no one  
Bitcoin is, and will always be, a payment system for those who need it - people who need something analogous to cash currency for on-line transactions. The number of these people is a very small portion of the "Bitcoin community"  

The popular Bitcoin community is mostly a "number go up" cult, people who only care about their own wealth, and still use credit cards on-line

> I'm just gonna stick with cash, because cash is still private

So why not use cash in brick-and-mortar stores, and Bitcoin on-line? That's the purpose of Bitcoin, written on the front page of the white paper. Buy your Bitcoin with cash currency  

Bitcoin isn't KYC. Bitcoin exchanges are KYC. Bitcoin exchanges are not part of Bitcoin. They're add-ons leeching fees from the "popularity"

> That vision was to provide people financial freedom, privacy, and decentralized capacity

This is a delusion. Good to see you've realized it made no sense 
hfkeskt comment The freedom it promises depends on your definition of of the word. In your case you want private transaction that cannot be tracked. Another might say I just want the freedom to not lose to inflation every year. Someone else living paycheck to paycheck might see it as an opportunity to brake out from there day to day job if they just had a little more financial freedom. The word freedom is a very vague statement but one thing I realize more and more everyday is that bitcoin checks off more of those ideas of freedom then cash has been doing… 
hfkfpid comment Good thing you have faith in the fiat system , good luck 
hfkiz6j comment You claim to have been in the crypto space for "5 years" and you think that the only way to buy/sell BTC is through centralized exchanges?  


Ok, bye. :) 
hfke2bb comment bisq. No KYC.

Taproot is coming, and that will improve transaction privacy. I expect decentralized exchanges to start gaining momentum soon as well.

Edit: 

>because right now, honestly, I'm just gonna stick with cash, because cash is still private.

Yeah I'm calling BS. This isn't something someone who's been involved in bitcoin for any length of time would say. It's definitely something a central banker would say. 

Cash is trash, and worth less today than it was yesterday. By design. 
hfke5qi comment Assets over currency dude 
hfkmw6j comment >We may still be able to move between cryptos without a name or KYC attached, but getting to fiat is next to impossible.

Seems to me, your perspective is backward. Doesn't this prove that it's **fiat** that needs KYC, not crypto? 

You lost faith in the wrong thing. Now you're running into the wrong arms. 
hfke6wq comment Sell and go away 
hfkdsmc comment USA, uh? Think about the rest (adv) 
hfke39z comment You don't need a ramp to buy things in BTC 
q2cme6 submission The best course (Bitcoin) 
q2coqk submission Bitcoin Chart Porn 
q2cu49 submission Question about selling some of my bitcoin on coinbase 
hfkfymz comment Yes, you will get the fiat that you exchanged at the time of the exchange. 

If you don’t withdraw your fiat, it’s still just fiat lingering in your account. Those 5 dollars you got during an exchange, for example, will stay five dollars because the exchange already happened. When you withdraw, the 5 dollars will still be 5 dollars. 
hfkf3nz comment Not really sure what you're asking.

In an exchange you usually have a wallet for Bitcoin and a wallet for Fiat.

If you sell Bitcoin you basically will have less Bitcoin in your wallet and more Fiat in your other wallet.

You then withdraw Fiat or Bitcoin from the respective wallet. 
hfkf6ag comment What? 
hfklnob comment Just don't unless you will die without. 
hfkx5rj comment On Coinbase thoose 5 dollars will actually be three fiddy. 
hfkfha4 comment What I'm asking is if when I withdrew said fiat or bitcoin would I get it as the price it's currently going for which is around 51,508.17 at this point 
hfkfmwz comment Well just asking if you were to sell and withdraw one of your bitcoin would you get it into to your bank as the market price. 
hfkh8ww comment Withdrawing has nothing to do with the price.

You just get whatever you're withdrawing. 
hfkg313 comment Yes. Minus fees. 
hfkg5jd comment Okay 
q2d2tz submission BTC ETF Futures Pump & Infrastructure Bill Dip 
hfkjjxy comment About three fitty 
q2d5qm submission Think somebody can guess or accidentally get your seed phrase? Nope, and I’ll prove it with free money. 
hfkq617 comment [deleted] 
hfl0p6z comment [Last year someone did a similar thing but with a 12 word seed phrase, and 1 Bitcoin reward.](https://twitter.com/alistairmilne/status/1266037520715915267).

[Here's how someone got the Bitcoin in 30 hours](https://medium.com/@johncantrell97/how-i-checked-over-1-trillion-mnemonics-in-30-hours-to-win-a-bitcoin-635fe051a752).

Notably, some of the words were in order, and only 12. OP challenge is way more difficult. 
hfkljnp comment Erm your betting money is not proportional to the confidence you have in the math tho! 
hfkip9j comment Plot twist: OP posted the seed words *in order* 
hfkl2a7 comment Sooo...you're telling me there's a chance!
(*insert Jim Carey meme)😌😃 
hfkozzf comment At least I can confirm that OP did shuffle the words, as the seed phrase as it is posted is not valid.

That's 1 check less you have to do. You're welcome! 
hfkhenc comment Unless of course you are really really lucky and get it right first go 😜 
hfkmlvb comment This is a lot of very confident text over what is essentially the cost of some ATM fees lol 
hfkpu36 comment I started reading at sextillion 
hfkhyro comment Was gonna say I feel lucky 
q2d5xe submission Diep liquidity mining is non-collateralized mining, you only need to have USDT in the coinbace wallet. 
hfkt5k7 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it pertains primarily to altcoin discussion and/or promotion. Altcoins are off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit. Please post in the subreddit appropriate to that altcoin instead. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
q2dj3h submission Daily Discussion, October 06, 2021 
hflw0v7 comment Bitcoin supply is at an all-time low. Hodlers are hodling, DCAers are DCAing, whales are accumulating, miners are holding rather than selling (look at Marathon and Bitfarms, for example), an entire country is coming online (with more to come), and the institutions are FOMOing in. It's like kindling covered in gasoline. All we need now is a spark. That spark might be the approval of an ETF. It might be another, larger country (like Brazil) making Bitcoin legal tender. It may be something else... but whatever it is we're about to reach escape velocity, boys. If the stock market takes a needed correction while this is going on, Bitcoin will be solidified as a safe value asset and every mutual fund and financial advisor will have to recommend allocation of at least 1-5% into Bitcoin. We will have begun the journey of hyperbitocinization. So stack your sats and hold on to your asses. 
hfloxgd comment #SHOUT OUT ALL THE NORMIES THAT PANIC SOLD TO ME AT $29k 
hflo4q1 comment Bitcoin is the real trillion dollar coin. 
hfl760q comment This is exactly like when the bull market started a year ago:

* low correlation with Stocks
* increasing Bitccoin dominance

LFG 
hflpewg comment 52,800 to 55,300 in 3 minutes. Holy shit. 
hflpgxo comment  The coolest dictator in the world, Nayib Bukele, just tweeted to his fellow El Salvadorians:

"¿Ya vieron sus chivowallet?"    ("Have you seen your chivowallet?")   
(#Bitcoin, Volcano, Flag of El Salvador)  


Kinda saying, "see what I was saying, ain't this shit cool!" 
hfnhzek comment Looking forward to the panic next week when Bitcoin crashes to 55k. 
hfntxxg comment This is literally going to be wife changing wealth for me if we break all-time highs. I've been accumulating like crazy since the dip below 37k. 
hflu48k comment My first bitcoin buy was March 28th, I then FOMO'd in hard once it hit $60k. Cashed out my equity portfolio and bought at $34k. Started DCA from there until now. Never sold a sat. Safe to say I think I'm going to be lifer. HODL. Stack. Repeat. 
hfmdv6o comment [deleted] 
q2doir submission SEC Chair Gensler Confirms Crypto Will Not Be Banned In The US 
hfkknst comment tldr; US SEC Chairman Gary Gensler has said he has no plans to ban cryptocurrency. Instead, the SEC is focused on ensuring investor and consumer protection, anti-money laundering, and tax compliance in the space. He added that many tokens on the market meet the criteria of “securities” but doesn’t specify which.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hfkqwiu comment False- Gensler did not say crypto would not be banned!!


He was asked- Is the SEC going to ban cryoto?


No, that would be up to congress- said Gensler. 


So, Gensler did not give any indication whether or not crypto would be banned- he only said that would not be the duty of the SEC, it would be the duty of Congress. The headline is inaccurate and misleading. 
hfkl1vh comment I think I might have read something like this before here :) 
hfl8rfo comment Aw shucks. Maybe China can ban it again then? 
hflxnde comment The whole "says many assets are securities but doesn't specify which" is just continually infuriating. If it's so clear, just name them already. Give the industry some actionable clarity, rather than this ongoing string of vague threats. 
hfob2nz comment Look at him. Would you trust him with your daughter? Just be vigilant. 
hfkmxxb comment That’s true just be careful with holding large bags of stablecoins.

They gonna go after those first, either through regulation or by issuing the long rumored “Fedcoin” that will pull the rug from underneath many stablecoins. 
hfky1fm comment Don't forget they banned gold after it had been established for a millennium. 
hflnbrm comment I think it was related to fed they said something similar a few days ago 
q2e0jx submission URGENT: SELL ALL OF YOUR BITCOIN IMMEDIATELY 
hfkod7f comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it appears you may be attempting to manipulate other users into buying or selling in your favor.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hfkmqzx comment Shut up and figure out your next move. 
hfknqo9 comment I set up a buy order for $20,000 so I'll need the community to help me fill that order, please 
hfko0id comment It’s time to buy 
hfkmtt9 comment so far I m 3% on this tip 😂😂😂 
q2e2oo submission (ARE WHALES DUMPING BITCOIN) ? ? ? OG FLUFFY 
hfkoygp comment Did it break 50?

If so, everyone is probably dumping. 
q2e9tf submission WSJ - The IRS Wants to Look at Your Bank Account 
hfkpe54 comment The IRS can't look at my bank account, I'm not an American citizen. 
hfkpimv comment How about no 
hfkrs2p comment tldr; The Internal Revenue Service wants banks to report annual cash flows for ordinary account holders. The House Ways and Means Committee is debating whether to include this mandate in the Democrats’ $3.5 trillion spending bill. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen is promoting the plan, and the Senate is also considering it.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hfly8s2 comment Let's be clear here. The government has been in your bank account since the bank secrecy act passed in 1970. They are just talking about lowering the reporting thresholds. It's basically unenforceable because banks would have to triple their compliance staff to do this and only the largest banks could afford to comply. 
hfm4oh7 comment *Ms. Yellen says the reporting will help to catch wealthy tax dodgers.*

Not YOU, of course. Just those bad people with all the money. 
hfkprq0 comment Don’t tempt them 
q2egec submission binance launch pool 
q2epy7 submission Here's what I don't get 
hfkr9k7 comment >how can anyone see all this activity and not have an interest?

Uhm...because they simply aren´t? Not everyone has to be interested in the things you are interested in. Of course we are here in our echo chamber and everyone is interested in the same thing.

There are millions of things going on right now that YOU aren´t interested in but that are shaping our future.

Your question has an underlying tone of arrogance to be honest.

Let people be. 
hfks09o comment Life has many interesting things. Bitcoin is just one of them.

People are busy with their life.

I'm assuming you were also busy with your life when Bitcoin was first released. Or when Bitcoin was traded for pizza. Or when it got to $1, $10, or $100, etc. There are many interesting things that you probably missed in Bitcoin because you were busy doing something else. Same for other people. 
hfkr2w6 comment My parents have zero interest in cryptocurrencies even after I ELI5, but they don't like investments in general and are extremely bad with their money. 

Not everyone needs to be interested in the same things you are. 
hfkz0ft comment They don't want to admit they were wrong. 
hfl2ht5 comment From the point of view of someone in the UK it's easy to see why few people have interest. For example, I can't recall seeing anything I've ever bought advertised as being available for purchase with bitcoin. Also, bank transfers in the UK are (mostly) instant and fee free. This means that bitcoin is inferior to the existing digital money for the overwhelming majority of day-to-day activity for the consumer.

This leaves the appearance of it being suitable for speculative investment which doesn't seem to be of interest to most people in the UK (with the obvious exception of real estate). Those people who do invest in stocks, bonds and other financial assets are likely the group that is interested in bitcoin but for everyone else (especially those without significant savings to risk) bitcoin probably isn't seen as relevant to their lives. 
hflimcu comment The don't see all this activity. **Because** they don't have an interest. 
hflkaq4 comment IMO to get the masses interested, something of huge proportions needs to happen.
 
If a major hyperinflation starts in the west, the masses will be forced to look for solutions, whereas now it’s not an obligation and Crypto is still something for nerds and speculators mainly (I am simplifying here of course).
 
But a major crisis could be a great catalyst to skyrocket adoption of the masses.
 
For now, most people are just thinking: yeah… I heard of it… it might become big or it might be a fad… I don’t need it and I am not willing to use my time and energy researching this topic.
 
For us it’s different because something drew us to it (wether it’s for investment, technology, scared of a future black swan in our economy or something like that) 
hflvh02 comment I’ve realized most people simply aren’t that curious about the world around them. They are content to wake up, go to work, come home, have a little while to relax and eat, and then do it all again the next day. 

Also, most people are very risk adverse, and most people are also pretty poor. They budget week by week, month by month if they’re lucky. They don’t go “oh wow, I have $200 left over, let’s throw it into a very speculative market.”

But yes, anyone with tech or finance background should be paying attention right now. 
hfktql2 comment In my opinion people are generally more interested in bitcoin and crypto now than a few years ago.
Of course the business media does do a lot of FUD bit that's kinda their job.
But the media is also giving it a more serious discussion acknowledging crypto impact.
Some people will never be convinced whatta going to do.
Good luck stack sats and diversify 
hfkv8bd comment See Rogers innovation adoption curve 

https://www.valuebasedmanagement.net/methods_rogers_innovation_adoption_curve.html 
q2eqms submission Will Bitcoin be far more vulnerable to a 51% attack when most of the coins have been mined and the hash rate drops as a result? 
hfkuced comment 
>This will cause the hashrate to drop significantly. In this scenario, won't Bitcoin be much more vulnerable to a 51% attack?


The reward does drop every four year in half.

Back in 2011 the reward was ₿50 but the hashrate and number of miners was much lower. ₿50 that time was about $5.

2014 ₿25 reward was about $5,000 = more miners, more hashrate. 

2018 ₿12.5 reward was about $60,000 = much more miners and hashrate. 

2021 ₿6.25 reward is currently about $300,000 and that brings the number of miners and hashrate to protect the network higher again. 

The reward will keep halving until it's only on satoshi per block (around year 2140). Fees in the past year added anywhere between 1% & 10% on top of the reward. I would expect this figure to grow over the time, eventually being more significant than the reward itself, keeping the miners profitable. 
hfkr93r comment Mining is still needed to hash the blocks, so even when "all the bitcoin have been mined" there will still be block rewards as people need to use their btc one way or another. 

There's always someone mining on free lekky, so even if they are only earning 0.0002btc a day it's a free 0.0002btc a day. 
hfks5ji comment There's a fee system already in place alongside the btc block reward for mining.  The btc block reward is far more valuable right now but as each halving kicks in, the fee becomes a bigger part of the reward.  I've seen estimates that say the fee will be the primary reward between 2030 to 2040 I think.  This transition is a known unknown, as they say, so I'm optimistic it can be accomplished. 
hfksdvy comment The general thought is that by the time the block reward drops to almost zero, the fees paid by transactions add up to enough value to make mining worthwhile.

But even if mining profitability drops, you should note that there are 2 profitability thresholds. First, a miner has to consider whether it's worth it to buy new hardware and use that to mine. But a miner can also weigh whether it is worth it to continue mining with the existing hardware they already have.

When profitability drops, the answer to the first question will flip first: At some point it is no longer viable to buy new hardware, because the time to earn back a new investment is too long. However, at that point it will still be worthwhile to keep existing hardware running because electricity and maintenance costs are less then the mining income.

So what you're going to see in a scenario of declining mining profitability is that miners will keep mining, but will not add new hardware or replace defective hardware. Eventually, the oldest, least efficient hardware gets decommissioned first. And as the network hashrate drops, so does the difficulty and that makes the profitability go up until an equilibrium is reached.

Another thing to note is that Bitcoin mining hardware can only be used for one thing: Bitcoin mining (OK, and for mining some of the irrelevant fork-coins). If you retire it because it's no longer profitable, you can't resell it, because it can't do anything else. And it's also not possible to suddenly add a lot of new hardware to the network.

This is very different from the situation with GPU-mined coins such as Ethereum (Classic) and many others. GPUs are used to mine many different coins and beyond that are used extensively for gaming as well as some other types of computation. This means that these coins are far more vulnerable to large amounts of hashrate suddenly being added to or removed from their networks as GPU owners shift their focus. 
hfl61jo comment Imagine the price of Bitcoin in 2140, now ask that question again , the network will self adjust. It will always be profitable to mine Bitcoin , now others coins probably not. 
hfmyg5s comment Seems like you're spewing bullshit FUD, thinly disguised as a question.

Fuck you. 
hfkscf5 comment It's not the total hashrate that matters, but how decentralised it is. 
That risk will be mitigated when the time comes. There is no predicting how computing will work a hundred years from now. So we don't know yet how decentralised the hashrate of individuals or entities will be.
Also, we now have nation states protecting their Hodl (el Salvador) by mining. Add to this the fact that even though Hodlers don't run miners, we stand ready to switch on our computers to protect our savings. It may not be economical as far as minting new coins, but it is economical when it comes to protect our savings. 
hfkxgac comment ------> search 
hfktwmu comment Dude.....you are talking about something happening 100+ yrs from now. We ain't gonna be around when this happens. Take a zanny, chill, and stack more. 
hfmzo2e comment You won’t be alive to see it, so don’t worry about it. 
q2er0p submission BTC PRICE SURGE DRIVES ETHEREUM, CARDANO AND DOGECOIN REVIVAL. 
q2exgg submission October 6: The BTC daily line is expected to rise continuously, and it is possible to reach a high point today. 
hfkvy75 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it pertains to general trading or market discussion, whereas r/Bitcoin tries to be less price oriented. Please visit r/BitcoinMarkets. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
q2ey0c submission Is Bitcoin a good vehicle for cross-border donations? 
hfktt6e comment If there is a few parties that have that have bitcoin and know how to use it, they‘ll eventually start trading with each other. 
Better trading possibilities make goods more accessible. 
hfldh4r comment Bitcoin is the best for any transaction, but not financial advice for donations i would go with fiat because u can deduct donations from you'r taxes in USA at least, not sure how would tax deduction  work with btc 
hfksfuq comment I once gave a bunch of Bitcoin to a Nigerian Prince. He said he would pay me back a thousand times what I paid him. 
hfkun09 comment >  if you manage to find a trustworthy local organization inside the target country that is able to exchange Bitcoin to food and other needed goods.

If they start using bitcoin from their phones then you don't need intermediaries. They could just buy and sell directly from each other. That's the whole point of decentralization, you don't need to trust anyone. 
hfl8qaa comment The best. 
hflll9l comment The problems for people in most shithole countries is that there are no exchanges available for them to cash out, or their banking systems are too much of a trainwreck to get the money to them.  And of course personal security is pretty bad, so if it becomes known that they have an external source of money, they can be kidnapped and tortured into handing it over.

If they're someplace semi-civilized that has fallen into hard times through government incompetence, such as Argentina, then it's different, of course.  Everyone there has high levels of personal risk, but there's still a banking system and internet.

Yemen being a war zone, I guess it would depend on the individual's situation.  If they have access to internet and banking, though, they're probably well off enough (compared to the people living in bombed-out ruins) not to need donations.

If you can find a non-corrupt local organization that somehow has good connections to the outside world, there's a better than even chance that they're on the wrong side of the conflict, but you might get lucky.

Back in college, I laughed my ass off at my then-girlfriend for donating to "Live Aid", the international concert thing to raise money for Ethiopian famine relief -- because the problem in Ethiopia was that the Marxist dictatorship was intentionally starving out the rebels.

The joke was on me, though, because it turned out that that money was used to buy weapons for the rebels, and they ended up overthrowing the dictatorship.  So good on them, I guess.  Of course, now they've turned into the corrupt dictatorship, so. . . . 
hfkuk9w comment Yeah, I think so too. So the use of Bitcoin to transfer donations to other countries could effectively help adoption. 
hflga3t comment Good argument, thanks. 
hfksqny comment Yeah, well. He got you on your greed then.

If you do a donation, you explicitely do not expect to get anything back usually.

That being said: There are probably many scams in these areas too, so you shouldn't turn off your brain :) 
hfllp3w comment In fiat?  No problem! 
q2ey99 submission Goodbye september 
q2f8o8 submission Sentenced ‘Bitcoin czar’ named among Pandora Papers 
hfkvxzs comment tldr; The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) has identified a major crypto criminal among those exposed to have funneled funds into shadowy tax havens in its “Pandora Papers” The ICIJ’s report suggests the “Bitcoin czar” may have been a member of the Carbanak hacking group. Two of the six individuals have been sentenced over their role in Carban

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hfl8ph1 comment Not surprising. 
q2fgu9 submission I'm an active miner please use my referral code so we can contribute to each other Pi Network: Keithkit14 Bee Network: ka1e 
q2fh12 submission I wrote a book with crypto puzzles! 
q2fioc submission 2021 Bitcoin Academy | Day One @ Oslo Freedom Forum HRF 
hfkv91y comment More info here https://oslofreedomforum.com/off21/#2021bitcoin 
q2fisj submission Is there a crypto Hardware Wallet with API Accessibility? 
hfkvovz comment Hardware wallet to me means a **hardware button** that needs to be manually pushed to approve any transaction. Without this push, no coin will leave the wallet. Trying to go around the button might be pretty dangerous game, IMHO. 
hfkx9mz comment CK Bunker might be able to do some of what you want 
hfnu1ns comment Are there any virtual wallets like MetaMask that also support Bitcoin? 
hfnyolp comment You will need python code and a robot.  Python code to send the transaction to the HW wallet.  Robot to press the confirmation button on the HW wallet.

If your wallet allows you to disable the confirmation button, it's a crappy hardware wallet. 
hfkx1qo comment No coins will leave the wallet as there are never any coins in the wallet. 
hfnty6l comment Tha is I’ll check it out 
hfolr0a comment Haha that is true. I just want to hold my coins but also be able to use python to automate flows 
hfl3lpu comment Of course, just tried to simplify it. 
q2fkjm submission CoinDesk: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Crypto News and Price Data 
q2fl7v submission I wrote a book with crypto puzzles! 
q2fn46 submission The expanding ecosystem of Studyum 
q2frwg submission So I bought $12.09 of BTC at $41k and sold at 51k USDC and got back $12.99 
hfkze5y comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it is considered off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hfkwrwj comment 12.99 divided by 12.09 equals 1.074. You gained 7.4%. 
hfkwybu comment 12.09 ÷ 41,000 = 0.00029

0.00029 x 51,000 = 15.04

You should have received $15, not $13. Unless You probably paid $2 in transaction fees, which is ludicrous. 
hfkx4j1 comment You buy it and then continue to buy weekly and forget about it for a few years. 
hfkx9s9 comment Price you paid $12.09
Price after exchanging back $12.99
Your profit 12.00-12.09=$0.9

0.9/0.1299=6.93%


Also, most people in the long run, simply holding their coin in a cold storage, manage to have higher profits than traders. It's just a guessing game at a shitcoin casino after all. 
Even a hamster does a better job  https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-58707641 
hfkxwcb comment ($END / $START  - 1) * 100 = %earned

With your numbers:

(12.99 / 12.09 - 1)  * 100

(1.0744416873449132 - 1) * 100

0.0744416873449132 * 100

7.44416873449132% earned 
hfkwn5c comment Enjoy your dollar store bin bag lining 🤑🤑🤑🤑 
hfkwvvw comment Bitcoin gained: (51k/41k - 1) \* 100% = 24.4%

Your gains: (12.99/12.09 -1) \* 100% = 7.4%

You probably lost some of your gains due to fees. 
hfkxj16 comment To find out how much you've made percentage-wise, you should divide your revenue by your initial investment. Profit is your expenses (starting investment) deducted from your revenue (in this case 12.99-12.09 = 0.90 profit).

To find out final value after having reached a certain percentual increase, you must multiply your initial investment by the amount you wish to make. If you are aiming for a 20% gain, you must multiply you initial investment by 1.2 and so forth. Reverse this if you wish to find the percentage needed for a specific amount of profit. 

Eg. If you want to make 200€ off a 1000€ investment you have to calculate 200/1000 and then x100 to get a percentage. In this case, 200/1000 = 0.2 which x100 = **20**. This means you must reach a **20**% increase to reach your desired profit. 
hfkxxo3 comment Your first mistake was selling btc before it's 1 million 
q2fxhs submission US Bank Launches Crypto Services Amid Strong Demand 
hfl4pdg comment What's ironic af is the basic fundamental idea behind all crypto is "be your own bank" 
I guess they can't fight it anymore and are going to eat themselves for profit. Just makes me chuckle. 
hfln1zm comment "Not your keys, not your Bitcoins."  

Learn it the easy way, or learn it the hard way - your choice. 
q2gbc0 submission Join CryptoBull club Code: 06DD9 
q2gei6 submission FreeCash allow you to make money making surveys or playing games 
hfkzyju comment I prefer cointiply I withdraw BTC straight to my Nexo account but could always use both 
q2gjye submission 5 Pro Tips To Help You With Buying Bitcoin Mining Equipment 
hfl2hnb comment tldr; If you want to start mining Bitcoin in 2021 going in to 2022 and beyond, one of the most important things to consider is certainly what bitcoin mining equipment to buy. Buying directly from the bitcoin mining computer manufacturers like Bitmain and Canaan is preferable for some individuals, when possible.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
q2gkal submission Crypto Miners Marathon Digital, Hut 8 Rally as Bitcoin Tops $50,000 
hfl8nqx comment They're stacking some serious Bitcoin right now! 
hfpbg83 comment Yeah just waiting for HUT to get the memo. 
q2glbb submission Robinhood launches 24/7 phone support, crypto users included 
hfl6kb7 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it is considered off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hfl2epa comment Fuck hood 
hfl2hi7 comment tldr; Trading app Robinhood has launched round-the-clock phone support to better serve its ever-growing userbase. Users of the app will now be able to speak with a live customer service representative 24 hours a day, seven days a week, regardless of holidays. The company said the 24/7 support line is part of a broader effort to expand reliability and accessibility.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
q2glbc submission How To Identify And Avoid Cryptocurrency Scams - Guide 
hfl8moy comment Good article. Fuck scammers lol. 
hfld6k4 comment Don't believe in anyone giving you advice or selling you 100x investment plan or a course, don't talk with strangers about your portofolio 
hfly5ia comment Lack of crypto skill combined with trusting a third party is the main issue scammed people told me. After the fact only the cumbersome way is possible and it doesn't work always. This means you need to trace the stolen coins to exchanges where law enforcement can freeze scammers assets or get his id. 

For bitcoin exists an indicator if tracing of a scammers address is already possible, it's the [BTC privacy score](https://btctester.com/bitcoin-privacy-score/). The lower the score the higher is your chance that the scammer is a known client of an exchange. Over time it goes often down, this is the case if the scammer is doing more and more transactions which are linked to the fraud transaction. 
hfl17lh comment There are many more scams, but this is a good start.  
Upvoted. 
q2gmgc submission Seen in Bar, Montenegro today. 
q2gncl submission The State of Lightning 
hfm5u3y comment Wow this is a really great publication.

>Gaming rewards and earnings only accounted for an estimated $4,000 of incoming transaction volume but did this on a whooping 189,000 transactions, implying an average transaction size of 2 cents.

I have to say after enduring years of Bitcoin cash trolls constantly calling lightning vaporware it's really redeeming to see it active, vibrant and serving unbanked communities at a micro transaction scale.

It may have taken 4 years but the lightning that work does actually appear ready for prime time. Between Twitter and El Salvador we are at nearly 200 potential million lightning Network users.

>If successful, other countries will try to emulate El Salvador’s approach. The first to follow will likely be other countries with poor banking access and inflated or eradicated national currencies. We have made a “hot list” of potential followers among poorly banked countries with high reliance on remittances and a strong dependence on the US dollar. These countries have a combined population of 850 million, with 650 of those currently unbanked. In a scenario where countries equivalent to 10% of that population adopt bitcoin before 2030, we look at another 50 million Lightning users by the end of the 2020s. By 2030, these users will be behind $17 billion in annualized Lightning payment volume and more than 1.2 billion Lightning transactions through household expenditure and remittance payments. And these numbers will increase in the 2030s through increased usage adoption alone, not to think of more countries catching on. 
hflj2nd comment Thanks for posting this. 
hfoofoe comment Thanks for producing this article. It is a great summary of the Lightning Network currently, with (optimistic) future predictions! 
hfoogoo comment Thanks for producing this article. It is a great summary of the Lightning Network currently, with (optimistic) future predictions! 
q2gq2i submission Can anyone give some tips to a Crypto beginner? 
hfl284l comment Buy and hold. 

That’s all you need. 
hfl3zto comment Congrats on the move, it's never too late. ONLY INVEST MONEY YOU CAN AFFORD TO LOSE.

Price wise, nobody knows what the price will be tomorrow, nor next week. Statistically, it's less than four years from now. Anyone who bought Bitcoin at any point in the past and held it for 4+ years is in profit. 

**Try "Bitcoin ONLY" strategy for at least first year**, you'll sleep much better. Newcomers lose so much money, holding garbage tokens just because someone on YT told them to.

Going DCA is probably the best approach, IMHO. 
Bitcoin to me, is a savings account. If I have some spare cash, I exchange it for SATs. Once a week works best for me, but I'm getting paid weekly. If there's a 10% drop in the price since my last buy, I usually double my buy. This [DCA calculator](https://amber.app/calculate-your-investment/) might help to decide what will work best for you. In a few years, even $10 dollars a month can make a massive difference.

Now, don't buy a fake Bitcoin at etoro, RH, PayPal or similar, get the real thing. Register at a proper exchange and buy real Bitcoin. Any of these will do [https://bitcoin-only.com/get-bitcoin](https://bitcoin-only.com/get-bitcoin) 

Install (or buy - in case you're getting Bitcoin in Thousands of $) one or more of these wallets.

A few good wallet choices:

[https://blockstream.com/green/](https://blockstream.com/green/) \- Top Security Features, Open Source and Non-Custodial

[https://bluewallet.io](https://bluewallet.io/) \- excellent, easy to use wallet, Open Source and Non-Custodial (although, Lightning is custodial!)

[https://www.wasabiwallet.io/](https://www.wasabiwallet.io/) \- Excellent privacy, Open Source and Non-Custodial

[https://electrum.org](https://electrum.org/) \- Solid choice, Open Source and Non-Custodial, one of the oldest and most trusted Bitcoin Wallets.

Lightning wallets to consider (cheaper and faster transactions, great for very small amounts):

[https://phoenix.acinq.co/](https://phoenix.acinq.co/) \- Phoenix works on Android

[https://breez.technology](https://breez.technology/) \- Breez - Android or iOS, excellent POS for small business owners as well as integrated Bitrefill or LN Pizza

[https://muun.com/](https://muun.com/) \- Muun, simple and elegant LN wallet - Android or iOS

Hardware Wallets (to store larger amounts):

[https://trezor.io/](https://trezor.io/) \- Easy to use, no matter how new in Bitcoin you're.

[https://coldcardwallet.com/](https://coldcardwallet.com/) \- ColdCaard is currently the safest and most recommended here.

There's also Ledger, but I wouldn't recommend as not fully open source, keep and already leaked customers' details, etc. Whatever wallet you'll decide to buy, purchase DIRECTLY from the manufacturer, no eBay, no Amazon. 

Make sure the device is NOT preset, and you will generate your own seed words. Write them down on any piece of paper as well as the receiving address. Now wipe the wallet and generate a new wallet. If the seed words are different than the first set, you're safe to use it. 

Find an option to set a passphrase and use it. This will boost the security to another level. Never store the seed words and passphrase together. Use a different medium if possible. If somebody finds both, they'll be able to steal your coin. 

This little device will hold the keys to your money, that's the reason why you have to be a bit more careful. Also, no worries, if it breaks, you can replace it - as long as you keep your seed words and passphrase(s) safe.

Welcome to the rabbit hole and don't hesitate to ask if you have any questions anytime during your Bitcoin journey. 
hfl9roz comment Don't buy shitcoins 
hfl3j4m comment Don't buy crypto, buy Bitcoin. There is no second best crypto asset, there is a crypto asset it's called Bitcoin right?! 
hfl2tq3 comment /r/BitcoinBeginners 
hflbz3j comment Buy high sell low

That's the secret of my homelessness 
hfl4y32 comment Learn as much as possible.  

Here’s my favorite resources.

Hearing multiple different experts views through the eyes of many podcasters seems to be a good way to develop understanding.  Some podcasts have things that others miss because of their perspectives.  

Podcasts: . 

Bitcoin Audible(I’d start here)-Reads the best papers and articles etc in the space and unpacks them.  (Start with Gradually then Suddenly, The Bullish case for Bitcoin, and maybe some Gladstein articles) Beginner to advanced. Hardcore Bitcoiner. Because most good articles are read here, I won’t bother listing the best papers in this post, just check out his episode list if you want to read rather than listen. 

The Investor’s Podcast-advanced bitcoin macroeconomics, and traditional investing. 

Swan Signal-More great intermediate and advanced Bitcoin knowledge. Hardcore Bitcoiners. 

What Bitcoin Did-A Beginner/Intermediate guide.  Foul language warning.

Lets Talk Bitcoin-How Bitcoin can help freedom, and help underserved and unbanked

Tales From The Crypt- Hardcore Bitcoiners and miners with current events.

Top guests to listen to in the podcasts(there are probably many others but these are the ones that stand out imo):  Bitcoin and Macro: Michael Saylor,  Luke Gromen, Lyn Alden, Nic Carter, Alex Gladstein, Jeff Booth, Preston Pysh, Dan Held, Greg Foss, Nik Bahtia, Andrew Quittem, Parker Lewis, Raoul Pal, Vijay Boyapati, Gigi, Andy Edstrom   Chain Analysis: Willy Woo, William Clemente(kraken and glassnode also have a chain analysis newsletter)   Tech gurus: Andreas Antonopolous, Jameson Lopp, Adam Back, Nick Szabo, Shinobi, Jack Mallers, Matt Odell/MartyBent, Andrew Poelstra, Andreas Antonopolous especially.

Books: The Bitcoin Standard(great intro book), Layered Money, The Internet of Money(great intro book), Debt the First 5000 Years, Inventing Bitcoin, 21 lessons What Ive learned from Bitcoin, The price of Tomorrow, The Bullish Case For Bitcoin(great intro book) and The Blocksize Wars were good.

Resource pages: https://www.lopp.net/bitcoin-information.html and https://www.lopp.net/lightning-information.html

Publications: Bitcoin Magazine 

This isn’t an exhaustive list, just the best ones I have honed in on so far. Several runners up Podcasts if you want more; Pomp, Real Vision, Stephan Livera Podcast, Bitcoin Magazine Podcast, Bitcoin made Simple, Bitcoin Matrix, What is Money, Bitcoin Knowledge, Citizen Bitcoin, Bitcoin Sessions, On the Brink, and Bitcoin Standard Podcast. 
hfl39sz comment Only invest what you can afford to lose. 
hfl51qb comment Buy high, sell low 
hfl9qo2 comment Very few people in crypto are here to help, so beware scams and anything or anyone that will get you rich quicker then hodling. There are a few exceptions, on twitter @EmperorBTC has full trading courses. Worth understanding risk management even if you dont plan to trade 
q2gtz1 submission Bitcoin soars to $50,000 again on institutional demand 
hfl3b64 comment Similar content has already been submitted several times. Please check the front page of r/Bitcoin and r/Bitcoin/new for previous submissions to help keep repetition to a minimum. You can also try using the search bar. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hfl2hdq comment tldr; Bitcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency in terms of market value, rose on Tuesday, passing the $50,000 mark for the first time in four weeks and adding to gains this month on mounting institutional interest. In early September, bitcoin fell below $50k during a broad selloff in shares of cryptocurrency and blockchain-related firms. It fell further in September, hitting a low of $40k

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
q2gysw submission Global opportunity 
hfl2rpj comment No thanks 
q2gzey submission If we break 53K resistance.. next stop is the new ATH before year end. Uptober show us what you got! 
hflh8e1 comment 🖕 
q2h46r submission DeFi News: MRHB DeFi Teams up with Contango and Influx 
q2hb38 submission In Switzerland 🇨🇭 you can buy #BTC from the same machine where you buy your train tickets 
hflfigs comment Switzerland is weirdly casual about btc, I love it 
hfljkr8 comment That’s been in play for many years now! 
hfleazu comment I remember using those machines in early 2010's. The interface hasn't changed one bit. 
hfl6ykn comment So when you are on your way home to Germany with more money then customs allow you can wire it to your Bitcoins wallet before leaving the country. 
hfm1b0n comment Cool. In Japan you can get worn ladies thong from the same machine where you buy your candy from. 
hflh2t7 comment 9.27% fees...yikes! 
hfl6g0b comment Switzerland is like financial paradise. Unless you are Jordan Belfort. 
hflce2l comment I live in Switzerland and I pay my monthly health insurance as well as my entire tax in BTC too.

(Based in Zug, Switzerland, so called „crypto valley“ of Switzerland. I would like to shill a project called Hiveterminal (HVN) when I‘m here anyway but DYOR). 
hflcfi4 comment And those machines are *everywhere.* 
hfox6p8 comment THIS IS DOPE! 
How does this work with respect to price fluctuation. I’m still trying to understand that concept ? Someone can explain but in a simple way? 
q2hbsa submission Not to sound too political (I'm trying to avoid sounding political at all); but if by some minute chance the United States does default in its debt, how much to you think Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will rise in value? 
hfl8kss comment In a world of inflation, you look for safe havens. Previously Gold or bonds to out perform inflation. Some bonds even have negative yield but are safer if the money printer is going crazy. There is NOTHING like Bitcoin & its not even close 
hfla8rc comment Bitcoin would drop in price.  Default would put deflationary pressure on the usd.  Afterwards countries that got burned might stacking Bitcoin instead of us debt, but I think it would still take a while. 
hflidiz comment If the US defaulted on its debt, it **wouldn't change anything fundamental about Bitcoin**. There would be short-term chaos because USD is the world's unit of account, but Bitcoin would retain its value over the long-term. 
hfl5bgv comment Historically Bitcoin’s exchange value has mimicked stocks and markets, but in the last week or so we’ve finally seen the opposite of that. 

My answer is I don’t have a clue, but if that were to happen the worldwide economy would be devastated. 
hfllefb comment There are two ways to "default on debt," if you're a government;  
* stop paying on existing debt
* debt monetization, that is, "money printing"  

Most of the time, nearly all the time, the second technique is used.  New fiat currency is created, causing **inflation** and literally robbing people who hold/use that currency.  This punishes savers and rewards debt slavery.  It also enriches a few already ultra-rich people at/near the top (investigate: "The Cantillon Effect").  This ultimately degrades the quality of life for the general public... at least, that's the way it has been, ***until Bitcoin came along***.  

Bitcoin allows us to park our money/savings where it cannot be stolen by inflation/money-printing and where it cannot be merely confiscated.  

Meanwhile, it's Bitcoin, just Bitcoin.  Fuck the alt-coins.  Nearly every alt-coin is a scam.  Stop promoting scams.  All you want, in the long run, is Bitcoin, just Bitcoin. 
hfl5dv3 comment It will probably crash hard like the stock market but then rise with more strength, but remember no one knows shit about fuck. 
hfl8g6i comment All currencies would likely lose value in this scenario, but what do I know lol. 
hflb42m comment I would assume that if the dollar collapsed Bitcoin would rise... it’s not pegged to the US dollar and while it may appear to move with the dollar it actually does not. The appearance is due to large whales pumping and dumping.  If the dollar collapses they will not dump. 
hflm0ws comment Worthless hypothetical because there is no realistic scenario where the U.S. will default on its debt.

It doesn't matter how dysfunctional Congress is, neither party will seriously risk the possibility of taking any part of the blame for the disastrous results a default would produce.

I will repeat: there is a zero percent chance of a default.

The USD will continue a path of *slow* decline. So buy Bitcoin. 
hflmjs6 comment Not to sound political but if our current puppet continues the current path, crypto will shoot up IMHO. The FED is printing money like it's going out of style and Yelled recently said inflation could rapidly rise over the next few months reaching up to 3%. Spending tax dollars which we don't have has become the new norm up in DC.

Investors are looking for any alternative they can hedge against inflation and crypto will be adopted more and more as a part of investors overall portfolio. 
q2hd0f submission Go fish? Nah. Bitcoin. 
hfl8a29 comment Is it just me or is the world getting much more strange every year? 
hflh5nt comment Remember those "strange" Japanese ads 10-15 years ago? Everyone thought wtf is that. Lol, now we're here 
hfle6a9 comment Wtf?! Lol 
hflxegm comment "Absolute dumptruck of an ass on that fish man." -Lildicknugs 
hflrviw comment What is this from? 
hflwr9g comment I didn't get it. 
hfmw79j comment Is this an official strike ad?? I hope so 
hflncl2 comment Now this is the quality meme I support.  Thanks for the laugh. 🤣 
hflljnx comment A rainbow road without Mario or Nyancat?  WTF? 
hflyj4w comment Lol 
q2hd4e submission What are some things you would do to help increase Bitcoin adoption worldwide? 
hfl5kgv comment In the US, the primary limiter to adoption is tax laws. Simply transacting in Bitcoin triggers a tax event.

For about 40% of the world, the limiting factor is a cell phone with internet access.

And I think the infrastructure around Lightning isn't good enough. 
hfl8udm comment I wear my T shirt that says Ask me About Bitcoin. 
hflkcxw comment I hang out here, read and learn, answer questions, promote the truth, encourage others to learn the truth.  

There are the obvious scams.  Then, there are the less obvious traps:  
* paypal, robinhood and others selling their fake versions of Bitcoin  
* people offering 6% interest to "lenders"  
* people offering fiat loans for those dumb enough to put their Bitcoins up as collateral  
* people who encourage others to sell Bitcoins to try to time the market  
* people who promote alt-coins in general  
* people who promote ETFs and/or various "bitcoin exposure" funds  
* people who think its a good financial decision to sell Bitcoins to buy real estate  
* people who "worship" a person just because they're a billionaire, instead of taking time to understand what Bitcoin actually is, the basics of how Bitcoin works, and the reasons Bitcoin was invented  
* people who think the government actually gives a fuck about any of us, or our rights 
hfl5n03 comment Allow users to give wallets nicknames and display those nicknames in a confirmation screen before making a transfer.

“Here is my wallet address. If you input it correctly it should display \[mrMonkey02\] in the confirmation”

>Are you sure you want to send XX bitcoin for YY fee to \[mrMonkey02\]?

It would be so easy to increase adoption, so many features are missing. 
hflbb6u comment The crypto currency community itself needs to hold more projects/coins accountable for their promises and claims. If we can say hey check out these handful of innovative companies building the future. You can invest in them IF YOU CAN PICK the right one out of 1000. I am all for an open market. The crypto community tends to have a soft bark when it comes to fraud, copying, shilling useless shit. If we went after the bullshit and publicly “outed worthless crypto” it would make bitcoin that much more noticeable. P.s. there are plenty of useful real good Alts but not a 100 definitely not 1000 or tens of thousands. Imagine you go to a shopping mall and 99% of stores are going to rip you off but 1% will work out. Is there even a point to walk through the doors. 
hfldb4i comment Give some as a present to non-opinionated friends/family, then point them on how to check its current value. Won’t give them to buttcoiners as they already have a strong opinion regarding this matters. 
hflnn5g comment Elect politicians that cause people to lose faith in the current system ..oh wait 
hflww0t comment Buy bitcoin inatead of donating to charity. 
hfm3s6h comment Call B.S. on the corporations who take Bitcoin then convert it to USD before it hits their books. If they really wanted to use BTC they would pay their people with it. 
hfm8d07 comment I’m setting up gaming tournaments using a few apps and giving BTC as the prizes. 
q2hd7y submission Bitcoin Breaks Through the $51,000 Barrier Once Again 
hfl6kcy comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it pertains to general trading or market discussion, whereas r/Bitcoin tries to be less price oriented. Please visit r/BitcoinMarkets. Thank you.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
q2hff1 submission Casascius 1BTC Sealed and Unredeemed Gold Coin Price 
hfl6fvu comment If it's sealed it sounds like a job for a lawyer to make sure the sale is done legitimately.

Normal price for Casascius coins is at least 1.3x their value but with the rarity increasing, I wouldn't be surprised to get 2BTC for a 1BTC coin these days... they are incredibly rare collectors items. 
hfl769y comment Here's where to look/ask - https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?board=217.0 
hfl8jly comment Send it to me and I’ll send you 2 back. 
q2hr1z submission Shiba Inu (shib) Cryptocurrency price news information 
q2huf5 submission To our dearest #iBGians, it's time to celebrate! ICOA Signs LOI for 185 Million Acquisition of iBG Finance. 
q2hy83 submission About the Ledger and its addresses... 
hfl8qto comment If you're using Ledger Live you will get a new address every time you hit the "receive" button.

You can also create new "accounts" which is just a logical partition. I use them to separate coins depending on how i acquired them. But you use them however you like.

There is a limit on how many accounts and addresses you can generate, but you can most likely have millions.

You can also use passphrases to partition it even further. 
hfl9zvf comment thanks, so every time I receive money, it is a "new" address, but then in my ledger, it is all in the same wallet/address?

I've sent BTC to my Ledger maybe 5 times, and all my btc is on the same account as far as I can tell. 
hflbuvp comment You're confusing wallet with address.

Bitcoin really doesn't have any notion of "wallets", it only knows about addresses.

A wallet can have multiple addresses.

An "account" is also not something Bitcoin knows about. It's just an abstraction Ledger live and other BIP39 compatible wallets uses to allow you to partition your stuff. 
hflcfgt comment https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets 
hflzkcz comment Good explanation. Let me see if I got this right. I send .2 to ledger five different times. Ledger created 5 separate public addresses on the blockchain. A year from now I want to send 1 BTC from ledger to exchange to cash out, I can do that with one send from ledger live but under the hood it’s coming from those five addresses (and authorizing the transaction with my private key)? 
hfmjbhh comment Addresses are not created "on the blockchain."

You forgot transaction fee so no, you can't send exactly 1 BTC. You can send less. Yes inputs will be combined. Transaction will be signed by 5 keys. Every address has its own key. 
hfm6egx comment Correct (except I think you meant "under the hood it’s *coming from* those five addresses"). 

When you eventually spend/transfer the five × .2 BTC amounts ("unspent transaction outputs")--assuming you spend them all at once--your wallet will create a single transaction that includes all five UTXOs. The transaction fee will be a few satoshis more for five inputs than it would be for one input, but that's insignificant compared to the benefit of increased on-chain privacy. 
hfmany6 comment Yes, sorry, going to fix that typo for the benefit of others. But thank you for the explanation! 
q2hzmu submission DCA or all in? 
hflbtlx comment You should have been DCAing in instead of thinking about it and watching it go up. At this point I would probably put half in immediately and DCA with the rest. 
hfla8ti comment Go all in and wait with peace of mind. 
hfl8ww8 comment We can’t predict short term prices any more than you. If you believe in it long term than any price now is a gift but there is a wide range of potential value between now and then. 
hfl8nx1 comment Dca abit and set up a few OCO orders! So you buy if it goes up out of a certain range or if it falls to the price you’d like to buy at 
hfluxnu comment Vanguard did a [study](https://static.twentyoverten.com/5980d16bbfb1c93238ad9c24/rJpQmY8o7/Dollar-Cost-Averaging-Just-Means-Taking-Risk-Later-Vanguard.pdf) on this, here was the takeaway from it:

"So, to the extent that an investor believes the positive risk premia are likely to exist in the future, LSI would remain the preferred method for investing an immediately available large sum of money. But if the investor is primarily concerned with reducing short-term downside risk and the potential for regret, then DCA may be a better alternative."

As well, this [Ben Felix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1qzuPRvsM0) video further explains on this. Basically, lump sum is more likely to be a safer bet for larger returns, but DCA'ing can give you better piece of mind if you anticipate a possible crash.

Within the context of stocks that makes sense, but given the extra volatility of crypto then DCA'ing can make more sense given the higher frequency/severity of downtime. You can't go wrong either way really, just stick to whatever decision you make and wait! 
hfl8khw comment Wait the big resistance and take your own decision! 
hfl9itg comment How does 50% in and DCA the rest in like 10% each week sound like?

Large amount also means a hardware wallet, don't leave your coin at any website that can disappear by tomorrow, please. 
hflky7o comment We've had quite a pump. Obviously we all believe it will continue, but there will be pull backs. Ideally you would have gone all - in last week at $42k, because now you are FOMO'ing. 

So whether you DCA or go all - in depends on your conviction that bitcoin will go up.

Personally I would diversify and get solid high/mid/low cap alts which haven't gone vertical yet 
hflqjs8 comment Dump it all in I say. It’s what I did a few years ago and don’t regret it. 
hflzo5v comment There's this stat:

Historically, 99.9% of people that have gone 'all-in' on Bitcoin, are happy with their decision. 
q2hzuh submission How to buy Bitcoin? — Steemit 
q2i0ax submission What's everyone's take on VeChain?? 
q2i1e5 submission Srilanka 
hfly13u comment Sri Lanka has always had a very enlightened approach to new technologies. Good to see them continue in the same vein here. 
hfl9oqc comment The Cabinet has approved the appointment of a committee to present policy on Digitization, Blockchain Technology, Cryptocurrency Mining and providing necessary services to create a smart Sri Lanka.

The Government said the necessity of developing an integrated system that combines digital banking, blockchain technology, cryptocurrency mining, and other essential services, has been identified to facilitate the creation of a digital business environment.

Many countries in South Asia have already begun to evaluate through this sector and develop the said sector, and prior attention needs to be given to taking the necessary steps enabling to deal with these countries on a competitive basis, it pointed out.

Accordingly, the Cabinet of Ministers has approved the proposal submitted by the Minister of Project Coordinating and Monitoring to appoint a committee consisting of skilled professionals in the public and private sectors for this purpose.

The Committee will report to the Cabinet on the Acts, Rules and Regulations required to attract investments of the companies that are being operated in these sectors.

The Committee will also approve cryptocurrency mining companies to invest in Sri Lanka and for the Board of Investment to take the necessary steps under the provisions of the Board of Investment Act No. 4 of 1978 and the related amendments. (NewsWire) 
hflfvtn comment tldr; The Sri Lankan Cabinet has approved the appointment of a committee to present policy on Digitization, blockchain technology, Cryptocurrency Mining and providing necessary services to create a smart Sri Lanka. The Committee will report to the Cabinet on the Acts, Rules and Regulations required to attract investments of the companies that are being operated in these sectors.

*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.* 
hflmlw1 comment Govt support to encourage Crypto Mining in Sri Lanka. 
hflxq7h comment isn't there an electricity deficit in sri lanka? crypto mining doesn't seem like a suitable business in a country with an  electricity shortage 
q2i312 submission So i wanted to do my part and spreed info about bitcoin that i leaned here 
q2i3fq submission hello guys i opened a telegram group like chatting ,trade together ,helping (NOT P**P&D**P), not a lot of money or people just trade and chatting if you want come contact me 
hfl918z comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it is considered off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
q2i404 submission This is satire, isn’t it? Why does so much bullish news for BTC seem to be coming out in October? 
hfl9up4 comment Your submission has been flagged for removal because it is considered off topic for the Bitcoin subreddit.

^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^and ^^cannot ^^respond. ^^Please ^^contact ^^r/Bitcoin ^^moderators [^^directly ^^via ^^mod ^^mail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FBitcoin) ^^if ^^you ^^have ^^questions. 
hfl9tlm comment It’s Uptober 
q2iair submission Crack-Up Boom // painted on an original US $1 Bill 
hflr6un comment Damn that's awesome 
hfpai0q comment This is very wonderful art.did you make this into NFT yet ? 
hflxcdr comment I will buy a print of this if made available.  And, no, I won't have it shipped to me.  It will go to my friend's friend's grandmother. 
hflamwg comment Now look what a wonderfull NFT. Worth just 1$. I dont get why people pay tens of thousands for those uggly-ass generic artworks online. 
hflxun2 comment I'm making this my Reddit background for my profile if you don't mind 
hfmca4m comment Beautiful work! An NFT would be inspiring for it's counter tribalism. Cue downvotes lol. 
hfm6wz3 comment Fuck. How much? 
hfm8mtt comment Nice work. How to purchase one? 
hfmfny9 comment Love this! 
hfn20h5 comment This is soo good! You could do paper wallets. With verified code and generated on an offline machine of course. 
